turkey has blocked access to twitter and youtube after they refused a request to remove pictures of a prosecutor held during an armed siege last week .. a turkish court imposed the blocks because images of the deadly siege were being shared on social media and ` deeply upset ' the wife and children of mehmet selim kiraz , the hostage who was killed .. the 46-year-old turkish prosecutor died in hospital when members of the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front ( dhkp-c ) stormed a courthouse and took him hostage .. the dhkp-c is considered a terrorist group by turkey , the european union and us .. a turkish court has blocked access to twitter and youtube after they refused a request to remove pictures of prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz held during an armed siege last week. grief : the family of mehmet selim kiraz grieve over his coffin during his funeral at eyup sultan mosque in istanbul , turkey .. he died in hospital after he was taken hostage by the far-left organisation. two of his captors were killed when security forces took back the building where the far-left group was holding him .. gunshots were heard and smoke could be seen rising from the scene at the end of the six-hour stand-off .. mr kiraz , a father-of-two married to a judge who also worked at the courthouse , was targeted for his part in an investigation into the death of berkin elvan .. the 15-year-old was severely wounded after being hit on the head by a tear-gas canister fired by a police officer during anti-government protests in istanbul in june 2013 .. after spending 269 days in a coma , elvan eventually died on march 11 last year .. his death , and the subsequent investigation , have since become a rallying point for the country 's far-left .. gathering : prosecutors , lawyers and judges stand near a statue of lady justice during the funeral ceremony. a british national , of polish origin but who has not been named , was arrested on saturday as part of an operation against the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front , according to reports .. a foreign office spokeswoman said this morning : ' i can confirm that a british national has been arrested in turkey and that we are offering consular assistance . '. before imposing the blocks on the websites , turkish authorities had tried to prevent newspapers printing images taken during the siege last week .. the newspapers were accused by the government of ` spreading terrorist propaganda ' in sharing the images of the hostage-taking .. presidential spokesman ibrahim kalin said : ` this has to do with the publishing of the prosecutor 's. what happened in the aftermath ( of the prosecutor 's. killing ) is as grim as the incident itself .. ` the demand from the prosecutor 's office is that this image. not be used anywhere in electronic platforms .. ` the wife and children of prosecutor kiraz have been deeply. the images are everywhere . '. he added : ' a request has been made to both twitter and youtube for the. removal of the images and posts but they have not accepted it. and no response has been given .. this decision has been taken through a court in istanbul . '. critical : prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz was taken to hospital with gunshot wounds but died of his injuries. strength of feeling : elvan has since become an icon for the turkish far-left and his supporters accuse the authorities of covering up the circumstances and perpetrators of his death. google said it was working to restore service to the youtube. video-sharing site , which it owns .. working to restore access for its users .. facebook said it had complied with a turkish court order requiring it to restrict access to some content or face a block on its service .. a company spokesman said it would appeal the order .. turkey 's telecoms regulator could not immediately be reached. and there was no statement on its website .. this is not the first time that turkish authorities have imposed blocks on social media sites and networks .. in the run-up to local elections in march 2014 blocks were imposed after recordings circulated allegedly revealing corruption among senior officials .. figures provided by twitter revealed that turkey filed more requests to remove content from the social network than any other nation between july and december 2014 .
deborah fuller has been banned from keeping animals after she dragged her dog behind her car , causing wounds as she drove at 30mph. a dog breeder and exhibitor who dragged her pet behind her car at a speed of 30mph and failed to get painful wounds to its paws and chest treated , has been banned from keeping animals and had her dogs confiscated .. deborah fuller , 56 , dragged her dog tango for 400 metres behind her car as she drove along the b1066 near long melford , essex .. the rhodesian ridgeback was left with injuries to all four paws as well as grazing to his chest and a deep wound on his elbow .. he is believed to have somehow escaped from the boot of her car and was dragged along the single carriageway because his lead was attached to the vehicle 's tailgate .. fuller , of lawford , essex , denied causing unnecessary suffering to an animal by not taking it to the vets and failing to take steps to safely secure a dog within a vehicle , but was convicted following a hearing at chelmsford magistrates ' court .. fuller has also been banned from keeping animals for five years and had her 27 other dogs confiscated .. chairman of the bench anthony ealden said if tango had been taken to the vet earlier ` unnecessary suffering ' could have been avoided .. he said : ` we believe for whatever reason , known only to yourself , you had no intention of getting veterinary treatment as a matter of urgency .. ` we do not accept your reason for delaying treatment as reasonable . '. the incident took place on june 11 , 2014 , when the dog was seen being dragged along the b1006 behind the car .. tree surgeons working nearby spotted what had happened and tried to get fuller , who is a rhodesian ridgeback breeder and exhibitor , to stop her car .. she did n't stop until she reached the end of the carriageway and they took her registration number and reported her to police who called the rspca , the court heard .. tango was later found by inspectors in an outbuilding at fuller 's home with bandages on his paws .. he was taken to a vet and given treatment for his injuries , which took eight weeks .. tango was left with considerable injuries to his paws and stomach , as well as a deep elbow wound. tango , a rhodesian ridgeback , pictured before being injured by being dragged along the road. fuller claimed she had not been aware the rear hatch of her car had opened and claimed she had given the one-year-old dog first aid , and had already arranged for him to go to the vet when police turned up .. mike fullerton , defending fuller , said : ` when deborah fuller was being restrained she asked why she was not allowed to take the dog to the vet . '. rspca inspector sam garvey said after the sentencing : ` eyewitnesses report they saw the dog being dragged about 400 metres at a speed of 30mph .. ` this must have been horrific for poor tango .. so painful , and so distressing .. ` it is hard to say what caused tango to be dragged behind a moving car in this way , but by the time we found him , seven hours later , he was urgently in need of vet treatment .. the animal was taken to the vets and treated for the burns , suffered when he was dragged along the road. judges ruled that the dog 's suffering could have been avoided if fuller had taken him to the vets earlier. ` he had injuries to the pads of all four feet , causing the black layer of skin to be removed .. he also had grazing to his chest area and a nasty deep wound to his elbow and leg area .. ` it took a period of eight weeks to heal the wounds and for his skin to grow back over his pads so he could walk without discomfort . '. fuller was also ordered to pay # 3,000 costs , given a 12 month community order and a two month curfew from 7pm to 7am .. tango was taken to a vet for treatment after being found and has made a full recovery in foster care .. the court also allowed confiscation of all the animals owned by fuller , which are currently in rspca care .. tango was removed from fuller , along with more than 40 other dogs that were at her essex home. fuller and her partner phil sheldrake , 59 , previously pleaded guilty to 16 charges of causing unnecessary suffering and failing to meet the dogs ' needs at colchester magistrates court in june .. earlier this month the case was thrown out after the high court ruled that inspectors did have the correct warrant to seize 44 dogs from their essex home .. tendring district council had been granted a warrant to investigate ` nuisance ' at the house , following complaints about noise and dog faeces .. the council joined forces with the rspca and seized 44 dogs from the house , with the animal welfare charity claiming several of the animals were emaciated .. however the trial was halted when district judge kenneth sheraton said evidence gathered by inspectors was inadmissible because they did not have the correct warrant .
media personality miranda devine has apologised after calling a rugby player a ` tosser ' for celebrating a try using sign language .. flanker david pocock scored a hat-trick of tries for australian super rugby team , the brumbies , who were on their way to a win against the highlanders at canberra stadium on friday night .. devine tweeted : ` did pocock actually do jazz hands when he celebrated a try ?!!!. but unfortunately for devine , it was n't actually the hand shaking gesture that 's become popular recently - the flanker and former australian captain was actually doing sign language for a friend , which pocock pointed out in reply .. miranda devine has apologised after calling david pocock a ` tosser ' for celebrating a try using sign language. devine had assumed a gesture pocock had made after scoring a try on friday night was ` jazz hands '. devine tweeted : ` did pocock actually do jazz hands when he celebrated a try ?!!!. after the match , pocock responded to devine that she 'd misinterpreted his hand movements .. ` it was actually auslan/sign language for clapping .. i have a friend who 's first language is auslan so it was for her ... ' he tweeted .. ms devine then quickly changed her tune and apologised for being so harsh with her initial judgement .. ` that 's really nice .. glad it was n't jazz hands !. and congrats on your hat trick , ' she replied , alongside an emoji of two open hands .. this emoji can be interpreted as showing praise for someone or -- fittingly -- jazz hands .. ` it was actually auslan/sign language for clapping .. i have a friend who 's first language is auslan so it was for her ... ' pocock tweeted in return. ms devine then quickly changed her tune and apologised for being so harsh with her initial judgement. pocock was gracious in his reply , tweeting ` thanks , miranda .. also glad it was n't " jazz hands " , ' accompanied by a smiley face. pocock was gracious in his reply , tweeting ` thanks , miranda .. also glad it was n't " jazz hands " , ' accompanied by a smiley face .. however , other social media users were n't as quick to forgive .. ` in fairness , devine apologised to pocock .. but really : ( 1 ) what kind of adult writes a tweet like that ; and ( 2 ) what 's wrong with jazz hands , ' columnist benjamin law tweeted .. ` egg , meet face , ' criag wilson wrote .. other social media users were n't as quick to forgive devine , despite her quick apology. but others were perfectly fine with jazz hands : ` am i the only one that thinks jazz hands would have been totally acceptable also ? '. others on social media were more understanding , taking the view that ` accidents happen ' .. ` and you 've * never * made a dumb *** assumption/judgement ? '. the woman wrote to someone who had condemned ms devine 's comment .. ` we 're all capable of foot-in-mouth . '
saracens director of rugby mark mccall lauded his young guns after their latest european heartache before declaring he has no intention of overspending in a competitive post-world cup transfer market .. mccall watched his side , which contained five english-qualified forwards in the starting pack , battle in vain before losing 13-9 to the clermont on saturday .. saracens ' millionaire chairman nigel wray spent much of last week repeating his belief the cap should be scrapped in order for saracens to compete at europe 's top table , raising expectations they could be set to land a ` marquee ' player from outside the league whose wages would sit outside next season 's # 5.5 m cap .. maro itoje ( second left ) was one of five england-qualified forwards in the saracens pack that faced clermont. mako vunipola tries to fend off clermont lock jamie cudmore during a ferocious contest. saracens director of rugby mark mccall saw his side come agonisingly close to reaching the final. but mccall said : ` we know where we 'd like to improve our side and we 're prepared to wait for the right person .. we do n't want to jump in and get " a name " just because he 's available post-world cup .. ` the fact our pack is as young as it is is incredibly exciting for us .. they could be the mainstay of the club for the next four to five seasons . '. billy vunipola ( left ) , jim hamilton and itoje leave the field following their 13-9 loss against clermont
it 's t20 season on the sub-continent and the world 's best players are about the pad up for the latest edition of the indian premier league , cricket 's most exciting and richest domestic tournament .. eight teams will play a total of 60 games over almost seven weeks across 12 venues all round india in a battle to be crowned champions of the tournament 's eighth edition , with the final taking place at eden gardens in kolkata on may 24 .. can kolkata knight riders retain their title ?. will virat kohli lead the royal challengers bangalore to their first title ?. can ms dhoni 's chennai super kings win their third crown ?. and who are the players to watch out for ?. sportsmail tells you all you need to know in our guide to the 2015 indian premier league as india prepares for the spectacular cricket roadshow .. ms dhoni , pictured in the 2011 champions league , is looking to guide chennai super kings to a third title. the bright yellow jerseys of the super kings are one of the iconic sights of the indian premier league .. led by the superstar indian duo of ms dhoni and suresh raina , chennai are the most successful team in ipl history .. as well as their back-to-back victories in 2010 and 2011 , csk have been losing finalists three times and never failed to reach the last four .. in international players dhoni , raina , ravi ashwin , ravi jadeja and mohit sharma , the super kings have probably the best pool of indian talent in the tournament , which is key given that seven of the starting xi have to be domestic players .. the foreign talent is also strong , though , and includes new zealand captain brendon mccullum , south african faf du plessis and west indian all-rounder dwyane bravo .. one to watch : there are so many .. dhoni needs no introduction , raina is the top scorer in ipl history , but mccullum is one of the most exciting players in world cricket at the moment .. he hit the first ever ipl century in 2008 and will be looking to build on a brilliant world cup campaign .. brendon mccullum 's aggressive brand of cricket led new zealand to the world cup final. # 1,740,000 - yuvraj singh 's salary , the highest in the 2015 tournament after he was picked up by delhi daredevils in the auction .. 3325 - runs suresh raina has scored , the most in tournament history .. 2008 - year the ipl was first played .. 119 - wickets taken by lasith malinga , the most in the history of the tournament .. 60 - matches in the 2015 tournament .. 46 - days the tournament lasts , beginning on april 8 and ending on may 24 .. 12 - venues to be used in 2015 .. 8 - teams in 2015 edition of the ipl .. 3 - english players in the tournament - eoin morgan , ravi bopara and kevin pietersen .. the side from the capital are out to prove a point having never won the tournament and never even reached the final .. the daredevils have missed out on the semi-finals the last two seasons and will be looking to get back on track this year .. they are led by south african jp duminy and a lot of their overseas talent also comes from the same country in the form of quinton de kock , imran tahir and albie morkel , although sri lankan all-rounder angelo mathews is a handy player as well .. world cup outcasts yuvraj singh , zaheer khan and amit mishra , all of whom featured in india 's successful 2011 team , will relish a return to the big stage and try and force themselves back into international reckoning .. one to watch : in 22-year-old de kock , delhi have the most exciting young wicketkeeper batsman in the world .. de kock has already scored six one-day international tons but his highest score in the world cup was an unbeaten 78 .. 2011 world cup winner yuvraj singh will be out to prove a point after being left out of this year 's india team. after years of just making up the numbers , the kings xi punjab lit up the 2014 tournament on their way to topping the table in the round-robin stage before losing in the final .. punjab 's success in 2014 came largely thanks to their strong australian contingent , and this year they will be just as reliant on the likes of glenn maxwell , mitchell johnson , george bailey and shaun marsh .. but the kings xi also have south african powerhouse david miller in their ranks along with sri lankan thisara perera .. their indian talent is n't the strongest in the tournament but virender sehwag and murali vijay have both performed on the big stage for their country , and 21-year-old axar patel is one of the best young talents in india .. one to watch : the destructive maxwell .. one banner in the stands in chandigarh last year read ` glenndeep singh maxwell - the king of punjab ' .. it was maxwell 's power-hitting that almost led his team to the 2014 title and he showed again at the world cup just how dangerous he can be .. glenn maxwell was one of the top run-scorers in the ipl last year and almost guided the kings xi to the title. the reigning champions knight riders have one of the most balanced teams in the tournament and will be looking to win their third ipl title in four years .. gautam gambhir 's international career may have stalled , but he is still one of the most talented indian batsmen out there .. along with gambhir , yusuf pathan was also part of india 's 2011 world cup winning team while robin uthappa was the leading run-scorer last year with 660 .. in terms of overseas talent , kolkata boast sunil narine , morne morkel , johan botha , andre russell , pat cummins , bangladeshi all-rounder shakib-al-hasan and dutchman ryan ten doeschate .. one to watch : it 's rare for india to produce fast bowlers with genuine pace , but they have one in umesh yadav .. kolkata will be looking for yadav to combine with morkel and narine as part of a fearsome bowling attack .. sunil narine , pictured in action for the kolkata knight riders in the 2012 indian premier league. the team that once featured the great sachin tendulkar finally won the ipl in 2013 , and they have an excellent chance to lift their second title this year .. in rohit sharma , harbhajan singh , pragyan ojha and parthiv patel , mumbai have a strong core of indian talent , but it is their overseas game-winners that makes them dangerous .. sri lankan fast bowler lasith malinga is the highest wicket-taker in tournament history with 119 , and he is joined by kieron pollard , aaron finch , corey anderson and josh hazlewood .. after losing in the eliminator against chennai last year , the mumbai indians will once again expect to reach the play-offs and mount a serious challenge for the title .. one to watch : the demon bowler that is malinga has made a habit of cleaning up batsmen in the ipl and was key in their success in 2013 .. he will once again lead this bowling attack .. mumbai indians batsman rohit sharma pictured in action for india against bangladesh at the world cup. 2009 : deccan chargers ( defunct ). since shane warne 's side won the inaugural ipl in 2008 , the rajasthan royals have only made the play-offs on one occasion since .. rajasthan 's short history has been eventful to say the lease .. they were expelled by the bcci and then reinstated in 2010 and were also rocked by the spot-fixing scandal that saw former test match bowler shanthakumaran sreesanth banned for life .. this year 's royals team features a strong australian presence in captain shane watson , steve smith and james faulkner as well as new zealand seamer tim southee .. their indian talent lacks star quality , though , with ajinkya rahane , stuart binny and dhawal kulkarni the only men who have forced their way into the national side .. one to watch : australian smith has enjoyed a summer of dominating india and was instrumental in his country winning the world cup .. smith is a dangerous player with the bat , can hold up his end with the ball and is also one of the best fielders in the tournament .. steve smith will look to continue his excellent form into the indian premier league with rajasthan. bollywood actress shilpa shetty , pictured in 2009 , is a part owner of the rajasthan royals. any batting order that contains chris gayle , ab de villers and kohli has half a chance , but it has been bangalore 's bowling that has held them back in recent years .. bangalore have never won the ipl and have missed out on the play-offs altogether in the last three years .. the royal challengers paid big money in the auction to pick up dinesh karthik ( # 1.17 million ) in an attempt to shake off their underachievers tag .. but news that world cup player of the tournament mitchell starc will miss the start of the ipl will hurt their bowling attack .. one to watch : any of their big three batsmen really , but de villiers is often hailed as the most innovative batsman in world cricket for his stunning range of shots .. virat kohli and chris gayle pictured playing for royal challengers bangalore in the 2012 tournament. south african ab de villiers is often hailed as the most innovative batsman in world cricket. the newest team in the indian premier league , the sunrisers hyderabad are set to embark on their third campaign having been founded in 2013 and replaced the deccan chargers .. the sunrisers will be led up front by the explosive opening duo of david warner and shikhar dhawan and their middle order will feature new zealander kane williamson and english duo ravi bopara and eoin morgan .. hyderabad also landed kevin pietersen in the auction for what looked like a bargain of # 205,000 after he was released by the delhi daredevils , but the 34-year-old will not feature in the orange shirt unless they make the play-offs .. pietersen reached the agreement with the sunrisers in order to return to surrey in an attempt to resurrect his england career , but the play-offs take place during the same week as england 's first test against new zealand at lord 's .. the sunrisers also boast a a strong bowling line-up with foreign stars dale steyn and trent boult supported by indian internationals ishant sharma and bhuvneshwar kumar .. one to watch : hyderabad 's strength is up top with captain warner and dhawan .. the indian batsman scored two centuries at the recent world cup and , like warner , has the power to take the game away from the opposition if he 's there for a while .. eoin morgan will look to move on quickly from england 's miserable world cup when he plays in the ipl. kevin pietersen , here playing for delhi in 2012 , will join hyderabad if they make the play-offs
a man with bandages wrapped around his face stormed into a bank in a coastal town before fleeing with a ` significant ' amount of cash in a bizarre robbery , police have revealed .. the thief entered a branch of lloyds bank in new milton , hampshire before threatening cashier staff and ordering them to hand over money .. the man , whose face and hands were heavily swathed in bandages , then fled from the station road bank .. the thief entered a branch of lloyds bank in new milton , hampshire ( pictured ) before threatening cashier staff and ordering them to hand over money. after the robbery on thursday , a spokesman for hampshire police said : ' a man entered the front of the bank and approached the cashiers and demanded they hand over cash .. ` he left via the entrance and made off up station road , turning left into an alleyway by lloyds pharmacy and into the car park on spencer road . '. detective sergeant paul harrison said : ` this man was very distinctive .. he was wrapped in bandages which covered his face and hands .. police say a 56-year-old man from new milton has been arrested on suspicion of robbery. ` although he threatened staff , no weapon was produced and no staff or members of the public were harmed during this incident .. ` however this was a very serious crime with a significant amount of cash being taken . '. the police spokesman added : " a 56-year-old man from new milton has been arrested today ( saturday ) on suspicion of robbery and remains in police custody . "
millionaire real estate heir robert durst has pleaded not guilty to two weapons charges related to his arrest last month , further delaying his extradition to california to face murder charges .. durst entered his plea during an arraignment in a new orleans court on weapons charges that accused him of possessing a firearm after a felony conviction and possessing both a firearm and an illegal drug , marijuana .. durst 's hands were shackled to his sides , and two defense attorneys lifted him from an armchair to his feet to walk to the podium .. unlikely to face charges in california anytime soon : robert durst , 71 , pleaded not guilty thursday to two state gun charges in louisiana in a case that would delay his extradition to la to face murder charges .. durst is pictured here last month in new orleans. attorney dick deguerin whispered into durst 's ear as he entered the plea .. he had to whisper twice before durst said , ' i am not guilty , your honor . '. judge franz zibilich asked if durst was making that plea to both charges against him .. deguerin whispered again , and durst said , ` yes , your honor . '. the weapons arrest has kept durst in new orleans even though he waived extradition to california , where he 's charged in the december 2000 death of a longtime friend .. durst is being held without bail in the mental ward of a state prison .. durst 's story also is playing out two miles away in federal court in new orleans .. an affidavit filed there accuses durst of breaking a federal law prohibiting felons from possessing firearms .. prosecutors have asked a u.s. magistrate judge to order durst to be brought to federal court for a hearing next thursday -- and that he remain in u.s. custody until the federal matter is resolved .. durst , an estranged member of the family that runs 1 world trade center in new york , has had multiple run-ins with the law over his nearly 72 years .. he was arrested in new orleans last month on the eve of the finale of a six-part hbo documentary called ` the jinx ' about durst , the disappearance of his first wife in 1982 , the death of a longtime friend in 2000 and the death and dismemberment of a neighbor in galveston in 2001 .. murdered : susan berman , who acted as a media spokesperson for durst in the wake of his wife 's disappearance , was shot in the head at her la home in 2000 , just as the cold case into the disappearance of kathleen durst was reopened .. durst was charged with berman 's murder last month. a self-defense plea won acquittal in the death of morris black , but durst is charged in los angeles with murder in the death of longtime friend susan berman , 55 , who was shot in the head in 2000 .. berman , an author , acted as a media spokesperson for durst in the wake of his wife 's disappearance .. the jinx suggested she knew a lot about durst .. her death coincided with the cold case of kathleen durst 's disappearance being reopened .. durst 's lawyers , deguerin and billy gibbens , have said repeatedly that he just wants to go to california to deal with that charge .. they also have challenged the weapons charges on several grounds , including the allegation that the fbi ` rummaged ' through durst 's belongings before getting an arrest or search warrant .. but andrea armstrong , a criminal law professor at loyola university in new orleans , said wednesday that ` the fact that it was warrantless does n't necessarily mean it was unconstitutional . '. there are at least 11 circumstances , starting with consent , that make it legal to search without a warrant , she said .. deguerin also has argued that the two felonies to which durst pleaded guilty in pennsylvania -- possessing a firearm while a fugitive and doing so while under indictment -- are not among those that would make it illegal for him to have a gun .. until his indictment wednesday , durst had been arrested but not formally charged in connection with the .38 - caliber revolver authorities say was found in his room at the j.w. marriott , where he was staying under the name everette ward .. according to court testimony , an fbi agent recognized durst in a new orleans hotel march 14 and escorted him to his hotel room .. durst was arrested early march 15 on the los angeles warrant and arrested separately on the weapons charges the next day .. durst 's lawyers say the arrest in new orleans was timed to coincide with the final episode of ` the jinx , ' which also described the disappearance of his wife , kathleen , in 1982 from new york ; the los angeles shooting of berman , 55 , in 2000 ; and black 's death in 2001 .
first they made a life-sized bronze statue of him , and now they are creating an entire museum in his honour .. barcelona will dedicate a museum exclusively to the new york director , who picked the catalan capital for the setting of his oscar winning film , vicky cristina barcelona .. the cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school , la llotja , following an refurbishment of the now abandoned building .. the tribute will be dedicated exclusively to the new york director , who picked barcelona for the setting of his oscar winning film , vicky cristina barcelona. mediapro group are behind the project , headed up by personal friend of allen , jaume roures , who also produced three of his films .. a spokesman from the group said to the local : ` the woody allen project is under discussion but i ca n't say more yet .. ` the neoclassical building that will house the woody allen centre dates from 1883 and is located in the historic gothic quarter of barcelona .. it is hoped the exhibition will be featured at la llotja , which is a former art and crafts centre in the city. the building currently lies unoccupied , and it is thought a competition will decide what project is set in the 17th century building. the 17th-century building , in spain 's second largest city , aims to commemorate the work of the celebrated director , actor and writer .. la llotja is currently owned by the generalitat de catalunya and there will reportedly be a competition held to determine suitable projects to revive the famous building .. the tribute will join a plethora of other museums dedicated to artists such as dali and picasso .. the tribute will be in barcelona , in the midst of many other celebrated artists and architects , such as gaudí buildings ( left ) .. the museum follows the bronze statue ( right ) that was made the director after his oscar winning film , vicky cristina barcelona. before fans get too excited , the barcelona city hall is yet to provide permission for the project , which is predicted to be completed in two years .. allen 's celebrated film , vicky cristina barcelona , featured blockbuster names such as javier bardem and penelope cruz , who later won an academy award for her portrayal as emotionally unstable maría elena .. heywood ` woody ' allen 's ( left ) career as an actor , writer , director , comedian and playwright , has spanned more than 50 years .. he has worked with big names such as penelope cruz ( centre ) and javier barden ( right )
harlequins director of rugby conor o'shea believes it is only a matter of time before marland yarde is restored to the england fold .. yarde excelled in saturday 's roller-coaster aviva premiership victory over gloucester , scoring the crucial try in the 70th minute at the stoop .. the 22-year-old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn , but was overlooked by england throughout the rbs 6 nations .. harlequins winger charlie walker crosses for his side 's first try at the stoop. ` we 've had a difficult year , but anyone who has watched him will know he 's been absolutely outstanding .. when we get back to winning he will get recognition again , ' o'shea said .. quins spent most of an uninspiring mid-table clash feeding off scraps due to the overwhelming superiority of the visiting scrum , only to produce the key drive in the 70th minute that was finished by marland yarde .. as half time drew close , referee luke pearce had finally lost patience with harlequins set-piece frailty and pointed the finger at joe marler by sending the club captain to the sin-bin .. gloucester only entered the interval 13-11 ahead - a poor return given their ascendency - and then moved 18-11 clear through a charlie sharples try with half an hour remaining to suggest their eighth win of the season was imminent .. quins centre aseli tikoirotuma puts in a strong fend on gloucester lock james hudson. the kicking of nick evans kept quins in touch - the kiwi fly-half finished with 14 points - before an eventful final quarter produced a flurry of yellow cards and three tries .. yarde seized the initiative for the london club and full-back ollie lindsay-hague appeared to have sealed the victory , only for dan robson 's try with a minute left to give gloucester a faint glimmer of hope until they aimlessly kicked the ball away in the last act of the game .. the opening 10 minutes were dominated by gloucester 's scrum , yet it was quins who opened the scoring when outside centre asaeli tikoirotuma jinked into space before sending charlie walker over .. walker 's try was the result of a clinical counter attack , but the 2012 premiership champions were immediately back under pressure once play resumed with their set-piece targeted once more , conceding a penalty that greig laidlaw sent between the uprights .. gloucester no 8 gareth evans is hit hard by quins flanker jack clifford. laidlaw and evans exchanged penalties and just as quins began to attack with greater frequency , yet another retreating scrum gave gloucester the platform to race into a 31st minute lead .. hook broke the gainline with a large dummy - his second of the afternoon - and found bill meakes in support , with the outside centre showing strength to force his way over from 10 yards out .. gloucester 's set-piece dominance was rewarded when pearce sent marler to the sin bin , but they were unable to turn a push late in the first half into points .. a big step and outside-break from full-back lindsay-hague created a half-chance for yarde moments after the interval , but the england wing was well tackled .. harry sloan tries to evade the clutches of cherry and whites flanker sione kalamafoni. it was then gloucester 's turn to find space through jonny may down the right wing only for sharples to drop what should have been a try scoring pass .. two attacking scrums later , however , and sharples dived over after meakes had spotted the overlap caused by quins being sucked into the one-sided forward exchanges .. evans ' boot whittled down the deficit to one point but as the match entered the final quarter number eight jack clifford was shown a yellow card for a shoulder challenge on sharples and laidlaw rifled over the ensuing penalty .. gloucester scrum half dan robson crosses the quins whitewash for a late score. despite being a man down , quins almost scored with two successive rolling mauls and on both occasions gloucester saw a player sin-binned - replacement lock ross moriarty for bringing down the first drive and sharples for a deliberate knock on .. on the third line-out catch and drive they succeeded , with yarde touching down as the game entered the final 10 minutes .. lindsay-hague and replacement scrum-half robson then swapped late tries to bring the game to a dramatic if scrappy conclusion .
these days art appears to be everywhere we look , which means that it 's not always easy to be original in our creative endeavours .. however one artistic soul proved there are still simple ways to make the mundane interesting when he used four plastic cups and a marker pen to create something truly unique .. filming a demonstration of his creation , the video maker and artist holds up two see-through plastic cups that he has stacked into one another .. the video maker holds two stacked cups up to the camera and rotates through the various hairstyles. drawn on the inside cup is a head and a torso and pictured on the outside cup are a selection of haircuts .. rotating the outer cup , the man brings the numerous haircuts , which include a mohawk , short hair with a beard , a quiff and brushed hair with a moustache , into alignment with the head .. settling on the afro , the man then stacks a third cup , which has a number of outfits drawn onto it , including a jacket , a t-shirt and a bikini .. the video maker selects an afro hairstyle and then stacks a third cup , which has outfits drawn on it. the artist initially uploaded the video to reddit and claims to be have been influenced by japanese comics. he settles on a shirt and then adds the fourth and final cup that has a selection of accessories drawn onto it .. moving through the choices , the video maker finally decides on a pair of glasses and holds his randomised creation up to the camera .. the video was initially uploaded to reddit by the user named toper-centage .. the video maker rotates the third cup and scrolls through the outfits before settling on a shirt. the filmmaker adds the final cup and after rotating through the various accessories picks a pair of glasses. answering various questions on the site , the filmmaker stated that he based his style on japanese comics .. he wrote : ` i read a lot of manga and did some self-learning a few years ago . '. adding : ` i 'm a software engineer and this is a way to cope with mental blocks and frustration . '. according to another user there are a total 294 possible combinations that can be made from rotating the cups .. according to one reddit user there are a total of 294 possible combinations that can be made
five afghan men were found hiding in the back of a refrigerated lorry after travelling 200 miles across britain .. it is thought the migrants had climbed into the british-registered truck in belgium before crossing the channel and entering the uk illegally .. police sniffer dogs were used to find them after officers opened the truck 's back doors on the a40 near churcham , gloucestershire .. a group of afghan men discovered crammed in a refrigerated lorry in gloucestershire are removed by police. photos taken by officers show the tiny space the men had climbed into between crates in the packed trailer of the hgv .. gloucestershire police tweeted photos of the moment the men were brought out of the lorry this morning .. they tweeted : ' [ police dog ] max & his handler assisting on the a40 at churcham .. 5 stowaways on board from afghanistan . '. 1 of the 5 men from the refrigerated hgv on the a40 at churcham .. possibly climbed in in belgium . '. the men were found a week after an illegal camp of migrants was cleared in calais , the french port closest to britain .. it is believed the men boarded the lorry in belgium before crossing the channel and travelling across britain. sniffer dog max helped find the men , who had wrapped themselves up in hats and scalves in the cold. around 200 people were thought to have been living in a sports hall but were told to move on or face arrest by french authorities .. the port 's outspoken mayor has already blamed britain 's benefits system for attracting the migrants , thousands of whom have massed in calais waiting for an opportunity to sneak into lorries , cars or caravans and enter britain .. eleven suspected illegal immigrants were arrested last week after they were seen clinging to a moving lorry last week .. the group , believed to be from syria , were arrested on the m20 motorway near folkestone , kent , on suspicion of illegal entry into britain after they were seen riding on top of the vehicle by a fellow driver .. it is the latest in a series of similar incidents after french authorities began dealing with huge numbers of migrants who have set up camp in calais and are desperate to reach britain
it is matches like this that makes one wonder just how good gael monfils could have been ; and perhaps how good he still can be .. the frenchman is sometimes fantastic , often frustrating and always flamboyant but he brought all the good parts of his game to bear as he knocked roger federer out of the monte carlo masters 6-4 , 7-6 in a thrilling last-16 encounter .. monfils displayed the breathtaking athleticism that can make novak djokovic look sluggish and the shotmaking that can make andy murray seem conventional .. but the 28-year-old also played with focus and commitment , two attributes which can sometimes be found wanting in the world no 18 .. gael monfils celebrates after beating roger federer in straight sets at the monte carlo masters. frenchman monfils beat the former world no 1 6-4 7-6 in a last-16 thriller on thursday in monaco. federer started smoothly and broke with a clever chipped return .. but the 33-year-old handed the break back with a double fault and the momentum swung towards the frenchman .. at 4-4 , monfils came out on top in a pulsating 31-shot rally to bring up three break points .. on the second , he won another grueling point and then served out comfortably .. the second set was the best of the tournament so far .. each game was fiercely contested with both men playing superb , intense tennis .. federer shows his frustration after bowing out of the clay court tournament to the no 14 seed. federer leaves the court after his loss put monfils through to his first last-eight match in monaco. neither was able to puncture the other 's serve and so , appropriately , a tie break was needed to separate them .. every rally in the breaker was a mini epic .. federer edged ahead with a brilliant return winner but missed a backhand to cede the advantage .. monfils won a couple of points on serve and the world no 2 was forced to serve to stay in the match at 5-6 .. he missed an approach shot wide and the frenchman unfurled that trademark beaming grin .. monfils will face grigor dimitrov in what should be an explosive quarter-final .. world no 18 monfils hit 22 winners to federer 's 17 as he shocked the 17-time grand slam winner. monfils and federer shake hands at the end of the match after the 28-year-old overcame the 33-year-old
mother-of-two anna tilley survived after spending four days in intensive care with blood poisoning , pictured with her son harry. patients ' lives are at risk from blood poisoning because hospitals are not implementing a standard treatment that can double their chances of survival , experts have warned .. sepsis , previously known as septicaemia , affects more than 100,000 britons a year and kills 37,000 -- more than breast , bowel and prostate cancer combined .. now a snapshot nhs study reveals that on one surgical ward at a leading teaching hospital , 90 per cent of patients failed to get the correct treatment , involving a simple set of lifesaving measures known as sepsis six .. after high-profile campaigns in 2013 which exposed the shocking death rates , the method was officially recommended by nhs england .. yet an audit , revealed at the annual president 's meeting of the royal college of surgeons of edinburgh in march , showed that vital steps in the process are being missed , meaning the condition was more likely to take hold with fatal consequences .. the college is now calling for nationwide tracking of the protocol to weed out hospitals that are failing to tackle the problem .. sepsis six involves blood tests to check for infection ; testing the level of lactate , a chemical produced when cells are starved of oxygen ; giving oxygen and iv fluids to protect organs and raise dangerously low blood pressure ; checking urine hourly to monitor fluid levels and kidney function ; and administering antibiotics to clear any underlying infection .. the study of 23 patients with sepsis at edinburgh royal infirmary revealed just one in ten had their lactate levels tested .. only 40 per cent were given oxygen , and staff failed to measure urine output in nearly a third of cases .. dr ron daniels , chief executive of the uk sepsis trust who helped devise sepsis six , warns that , despite being a small sample , the finding of the study was far from unusual .. ` sadly this and other studies show patients are not getting access to a treatment that saves lives .. every one of the six steps is vitally important , and nothing should be missed out . '. some 90 per cent of patients were not given correct treatment to prevent blood poisoning on a surgical ward at edinburgh royal infirmary , an nhs study revealed. sepsis occurs when the immune system overreacts to an infection , causing multiple organ failure if not treated quickly .. it can be triggered by an infection in any part of the body , most commonly the lungs , urinary tract , abdomen and pelvis .. it is often a problem that develops while in hospital , after surgery .. those with pre-existing conditions such as diabetes or cancer are at increased risk .. symptoms include slurred speech , muscle pain , mottled or discoloured skin , poor urine output and severe breathlessness .. ` delays in the identification and treatment of sepsis can have serious consequences for patients , ' says dr seng wong , who carried out the edinburgh audit .. his research also found sepsis six awareness improved after a three-month staff training and a poster campaign .. more than half of subsequent patients had their lactate measured , 60 per cent were given oxygen and 90 per cent had their urine measured .. mother-of-two anna tilley knows only too well the importance of staff awareness .. four days after anna developed a sore throat , aches and pains and a high temperature , she was hallucinating , had a mottled rash and was struggling to breathe .. ` my parents carried me to the doctor 's and insisted my gp call an ambulance , ' says anna .. ` at a&e i waited four hours in a side room .. although i had typical symptoms of sepsis , none of the doctors recognised i was dying . '. the 26-year-old from west sussex says she was just hours from death when a quick-thinking doctor spotted the danger signs .. anna spent four days in intensive care on oxygen and antibiotics after her liver , kidneys and pancreas all failed .. ` i later learned that without treatment , i would have died in my sleep that night , ' anna adds .. ` awareness needs to be raised of this awful condition , which takes so many lives . '
prince harry will arrive in australia next monday to kick-off his last tour of duty , where he will spend four-weeks with the australian military .. the royal 's down under tour , his final before hanging up his fatigues and retiring from the armed services , will see him , where he 'll serve alongside some of the country 's elite soldiers in darwin , perth and sydney .. captain wales , as he is known in the british army , will fall in with troops at the perth sas base and take on training exercises .. prince harry will arrive in australia next monday ahead of his four-week stint with the australian defence force. the prince will also time with indigenous norforce soldiers in the northern territory , and the army 's sydney-based 6th aviation regiment .. if he passes military testing , it is possible he 'll fly helicopters while with the sydney regiment .. the prince will join diggers on urban training exercises and bush patrols as well as pack marches and physical training .. before the military stretch gets underway , prince harry will travel to the australian war memorial in canberra and lay a wreath at the tomb of the unknown solider , according to an australian defence force statement .. a spokesman for prince harry said he had wanted to come to australia on a military exchange for some time , and he was excited for a ` challenging and hectic ' schedule .. captain wales , as he is known in the british army , will fall in with elite soldiers at the perth sas base and take on training exercices. he will also be allowed to spend time off-base , meaning harry will have plenty of time for handshakes with his fans. ` prince harry is tremendously looking forward to starting his four week attachment with the adf , ' the spokesman said , according to the abc .. ` it has been an opportunity he has been keen to explore for a couple of years now and is delighted to be able to do it before completing his military service with the british armed forces later this year . '. the fourth-in-line to the throne royal will have his army activities briefly interrupted at the end of the month , when he flies to gallipoli with prince charles for anzac day commemorations .. the adf confirmed harry will be given down time off-base during his stint , meaning some lucky punters could have a pint with the prince .. a spokesman for prince harry said he had wanted to come to australia on a military exchance for some time , and he was excited for a ` challenging and hectic ' schedule. harry will spend time with the elite sas and indigenous norforce soldiers during his military exchange. however , the adf said it has created a very real experience for prince harry .. ` defence 's focus for this attachment is to provide captain wales with an authentic military experience in the australian army that builds on his previous experience with coalition forces and complements his work with wounded , injured and ill service personnel , ' a statement read .. ` defence has selected units that best utilise captain wales ' skills and allow him to experience a broad range of army capabilities .. the attachment will also allow captain wales to share the experience and knowledge he has gained over 10 years of military service in the british armed forces , including two operational tours of duty in afghanistan . '
bafetimbi gomis scored twice in swansea 's 3-1 win over hull on saturday and tops this week 's ea sports ' performance index after another thrilling installment of premier league action .. during a weekend of stunning goals , gomis got in on the act with an impressive overhead kick before doubling his goal tally in the last minute of swansea 's victory .. the frenchman - who made a slow start to his career in south wales after playing second fiddle to the recently-departed wilfried bony - has scored four goals in his last six premier league games and earned a game index score of 52.9 this weekend .. bafetimbi gomis scores with an overhead kick during swansea 's 3-1 victory over hull on saturday. the swansea striker celebrates with young fans and tops this week 's ea sports ' performance indez. the ea sports ppi is the official player rating index of the premier league .. it measures a player 's contribution to the success of his team .. the intention is to remove any opinion bias and only work with proven statistical measurements which become more accurate as the season progresses .. so , what are the six indices ?. with gomis in first place , queens park rangers forward charlie austin is this week 's runner up with a game index score of 52.2 after scoring and assisting a further two goals in the hoops ' 4-1 victory away at west brom on saturday .. austin has scored 16 goals for chris ramsey 's relegation strugglers this term and continues to impress as qpr battle to beat the drop with seven games remaining .. chelsea star eden hazard completes the top three with a game index score of 51.7 having scored from the spot during the blues ' 2-1 win over stoke .. manchester united midfielder ander herrera is in the top four , like his club , after scoring twice and recording a total pass completion rate of 95.9 .. arsenal trio olivier giroud , alexis sanchez and mesut ozil - who all found the net in the gunners ' 4-1 victory over liverpool - make the top 10 .. glenn murray also makes the list following his tap in during crystal palace 's victory over manchester city on monday night , while midfielders esteban cambiasso and ki sung-yeung were among the premier league 's top 10 performers this weekend .. charlie austin ( right ) celebrates with team-mates during qpr 's 4-1 win against west brom at the hawthorns. eden hazard celebrates after scoring from the spot as chelsea defeated stoke 2-1 at stamford bridge. alexis sanchez fires the ball at goal to score for arsenal as the gunners beat liverpool 4-1 at the emirates
every weekend , sportsmail tallies up the match ratings handed out by our team of reporters to bring you the barclays premier league team of the day .. eden hazard leads the way this weekend , having powered chelsea to a vital , narrow win against manchester united as they hunt down the premier league title .. he is joined by two team-mates from jose mourinho 's champions-elect .. craig gardner starred as tony pulis ' west bromwich albion side gave him a winning return to crystal palace , even despite the efforts of in-form palace winger yannick bolasie .. everton claimed a win over struggling burnley , stoke city saw off southampton and leonardo ulloa scored to continue leicester city 's late surge against swansea city .. tom heaton 7.5 ( everton vs burnley ). burnley might have lost at goodison park but goalkeeper tom heaton was in no way to blame , producing a string of saves to keep everton to just one goal in a narrow defeat .. the performance was topped off with a penalty save from ross barkley and his showing bodes well for burnley 's hopes of a great escape .. tom heaton produced a string of saves against everton and saved ross barkley 's penalty. seamus coleman 7.5 ( everton vs burnley ). seamus coleman was key to everton 's win over burnley , laying on the only goal of the game for kevin mirallas and helping to keep a clean sheet .. and it was coleman who was fouled by ashley barnes to reduce burnley to 10 men on the stroke of half-time in an all-action showing .. seamus coleman was key to everton 's win over burnley , laying on the only goal of the game on saturday. john terry 7 ( chelsea vs manchester united ). defences across the country have found it impossible to cope with manchester united of late , but a john terry-marshalled chelsea kept them out to take another step towards the premier league title .. the blues skipper bullied radamel falcao out of the game at stamford bridge and helped to limit united to just two shots on target .. a john terry-marshalled chelsea kept outut manchester united to take another step towards the title. philipp wollscheid 7 ( stoke city vs southampton ). a classy performance from the german centre back kept graziano pelle and dusan tadic quiet in a win over southampton .. a newcomer to the premier league , philipp wollscheid revels in the physicality of english-style defending and he dominated in defence for stoke .. philipp wollscheid revels in the physicality of english-style defending and he dominated in defence for stoke. luke shaw 7 ( chelsea vs manchester united ). drafted in to replace daley blind , luke shaw proved to be manchester united 's most penetrative attacking threat in a game they dominated against chelsea .. shaw was rarely tested defensively and took plenty of opportunities to go forward .. his cutback should have seen wayne rooney open the scoring .. luke shaw proved to be manchester united 's most penetrative attacking threat in a game they dominated. aaron lennon 8 ( everton vs burnley ). enjoying his football and finding form again at everton , it was another good weekend for aaron lennon .. the tottenham loanee won a penalty in a man-of-the-match display at goodison park .. it was another good weekend for aaron lennon , who won a penalty for everton against burnley. craig gardner 7.5 ( crystal palace vs west bromwich albion ). craig gardner 's beautiful 30-yard curler sealed victory for west brom away at one of the premier league 's in-form sides .. his solid passing in midfield helped to put a stop to crystal palace 's free-flowing style as tony pulis enjoyed a winning return to selhurst park .. craig gardner 's beautiful 30-yard curler sealed victory for west brom away at crystal palace on saturday. eden hazard 8.5 ( chelsea vs manchester united ). made the difference in a big game again .. eden hazard was a constant outlet for chelsea 's midfield and he slotted between david de gea 's legs for a decisive goal .. hazard 's form seems to make him a nailed-on bet for the player of the year prizes come the end of the season .. eden hazard was a constant outlet for chelsea and he slotted between david de gea 's legs for a goal. yannick bolasie 8 ( crystal palace vs west bromwich albion ). yannick bolasie was not as successful this week as he was with his hat-trick against sunderland last time around , but still a threat to west brom with his pace and power .. every attack for palace seemed to come down the left and he was denied a deserved goal when boaz myhill clawed away his bicycle kick .. yannick bolasie was not as successful this week as he was last week but he was still a threat with his pace. leonardo ulloa 7 ( leicester city vs swansea city ). leonardo ulloa 's first goal in the premier league since boxing day brought another victory in the fight for survival .. only starting after david nugent was injured in the warm-up , he saw another effort land on the roof of the net , leading the line on a difficult afternoon for the hosts .. leonardo ulloa 's first goal in the premier league since boxing day crowned a good line-leading performance. mame biram diouf 7 ( stoke city vs southampton ). a second-half comeback for stoke was led by mame biram diouf , who slammed home an equaliser against southampton just after half-time .. a genuine presence upfront and a constant thorn in the side of the usually excellent southampton defence .. a second-half comeback for stoke was led by mame biram diouf , who slammed home the equaliser
qpr manager chris ramsey is convinced he is the right man to bring long-term success to loftus road - whether rangers are relegated or not .. ramsey has overseen just one victory since he was appointed permanent manager in february but four points from games against aston villa and west brom , and a narrow defeat to chelsea , have revived hopes of survival .. west ham 's sam allardyce and bournemouth 's eddie howe have both been linked with ramsey 's job in the summer but the former tottenham coach believes it would be unfair for his future to depend on rangers avoiding the drop .. qpr manager chris ramsey is convinced he is the right man to bring long-term success to loftus road '. i would n't say i 'm expecting the sack ( if qpr are relegated ) but i 've been in the game a long time and you have to be realistic about what generally happens , whether it 's fair or not fair , ' ramsey said .. ` i 'm going to say it would be unfair because i 'll be shopping in lidl instead of waitrose , i 'll have a different shopping basket . '. i have to look at it from my personal point of view .. the club have to do the best for their long term and if it 's not me , i 'd fully support whatever they decided to do .. but i think it is me . '. i think the club long-term needs someone like me to have a holistic approach of building the club . '. ramsey worked with tim sherwood at tottenham 's academy , nurturing the likes of harry kane , ryan mason and nabil bentaleb - all of whom have thrived at white hart lane this season .. rangers have hung their survival hopes on experienced , and often expensive , signings but ramsey believes he can carry out the club 's wish for a more joined-up strategy .. the 52-year-old is a popular and respected man within the game , with aspirations of getting the full-time job '. i think the chairman wants to go that way because we need to keep that stability at the club for the long term , ' ramsey said .. ` at tottenham , it took us nearly a decade to get them where they are , where you could churn out player after player after player to have loads more ready to bolster the squad even if they were n't quite ready .. ` at the moment we might only have three or four that could bolster the squad .. ` in order to get that correct development you need to be patient but if you do get it right you set the club up for a long time . '. reports suggest that ramsey could link up with friend tim sherwood ( left ) at aston villa in the summer. rangers are two points adrift of safety having played a game more than the three teams above them and saturday 's game at home to west ham looks crucial given the club 's next two fixtures are away to manchester city and liverpool .. ramsey , however , insists he is not feeling the pressure . '. i had more sleepless nights at tottenham , ' ramsey said .. ` sometimes it 's harder when you 're the number two , you want the number one to do so well and you 're trying your best to help them .. ` at the moment it is just myself and i know exactly what i want .. ` the only thing here is the fans are so fantastic , they have travelled away with us and been brilliant , and i 've had quite good dialogue with the owners .. west ham manager sam allardyce has been linked with ramsey 's job in the summer. ` it 's not about sleepless nights , it 's more trying to make sure the people around the club have well-deserved success . '. west ham have endured a disappointing second half to the campaign , winning just twice since the turn of the year and slipping to 10th in the table .. allardyce , whose contract expires in the summer , is not expected to remain at upton park next season but ramsey issued a warning to hammers fans .. ` sam made a comment if he was called allerdici he 'd get more plaudits and i agree with him , ' ramsey said .. ` he 'd be called a fantastic tactician .. they were top half of the table for the first half of the season .. ` if it was the other way round and they 'd only moved into the top half now , they 'd say he 'd been brilliant .. so it 's only perception .. ` at the end of the day , you have to be careful what you wish for . '
the dawn spacecraft has captured amazing new images of the mystery bright spots on the dwarf planet ceres , which continue to baffle scientists .. in particular , the images show the brightest spot and its companion standing out against the darker surroundings .. but experts are still at a loss to explain the composition and source of the bright spots .. nasa scientists in california have revealed new images of the dwarf planet ceres .. they reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater ( shown ) .. however , scientists are still not able to explain what they are .. dawn will begin its first science orbit around ceres on 23 april. these latest images were taken on 14 and 15 april from a distance of 14,000 miles ( 22,000 km ) from the north pole of ceres .. several theories are currently being touted for what these mysterious bright white spots are on ceres .. the hubble space telescope has found more than 10 on the surface , but ceres has found that the two most prominent - ` spot 5 ' - are in a crater about 57 miles ( 92km ) wide .. one theory is that they are salt flats that are reflecting sunlight , left on the surface by saltwater .. another theory is that they are regions of ice , again reflecting sunlight .. ceres is thought to have plenty of ice beneath its surface , which could be exposed when a asteroid or comet strikes the surface .. the fact these bright spots are in a crater - where such an impact occurred - supports this theory .. another possibility is that they are cryovolcanoes - volcanoes that are shooting out water or ice .. however , the lack of a raised area around the spots consistent with a volcano suggests this might not be correct .. and they could even be water vapour ejecting from a liquid reservoir under the ground , although again current observations - namely a lack of additional material near the spots - suggests this is not the case .. as the spacecraft gets closer to the dwarf planet and moves around it , more and more of the surface is coming into view .. the two brightest spots seen in a crater are known as ` spot 5 ' .. the scale in the image is about 1.3 miles ( 2.1 km ) per pixel , almost 70 per cent better than previous images .. but the origin of the bright spots remains a mystery for now - with theories ranging from exposed ice to volcanoes .. salt flats or ice seem to be the predominant theories at the moment , with the bright spots appearing to reflect incoming sunlight towards the spacecraft 's cameras .. until dawn gets closer , though , it 's unlikely the mystery will be resolved .. ` it 's too early to say what they are , ' dr marc rayman , dawn 's mission director and chief engineer , told mailonline .. ` some people have offered they might be ice , but i do n't consider that necessarily the most likely explanation . '. dr rayman says he favours the theory that they could be ` salty deposits ' , left over from perhaps saltwater ' on the surface .. but one thing that can be ruled out is that they are their own sources of light .. dr rayman is certain they are simply reflecting sunlight .. ` they 're mysterious but not bizarre , ' he said .. this animation , made using new images taken by dawn , shows how the bright spots become visible when they pass the ` terminator ' - the line where the planet is split between sunlight and darkness .. in this close up view , the two different spots can clearly be seen .. several theories currently exist for what they might be , with the favoured being salt flats or ice - both reflecting sunlight. nasa 's dawn spacecraft ( artist 's illustration shown ) made its way to ceres after leaving the asteroid vesta in 2012 .. there is high interest in the mission because ceres is seen as being a record of the early solar system , and may also have shifting ice on its surface. ceres is 590 miles ( 950 km ) across and was discovered in 1801 .. it is the closest dwarf planet to the sun and is located in the asteroid belt , making it the only dwarf planet in the inner solar system .. ceres is the smallest of the bodies currently classified as a ` dwarf planet ' .. it lies less than three times as far as earth from the sun - close enough to feel the warmth of the star , allowing ice to melt and reform .. nasa 's dawn spacecraft made its way to ceres after leaving the asteroid vesta in 2012 .. there is high interest in the mission because ceres is seen as being a record of the early solar system , and may also have shifting ice on its surface .. dawn continues to get closer to the dwarf planet and on 23 april it will descend to a circular orbit 8,400 miles ( 13,500 km ) above the surface .. it will then begin its first mapping phase of the dwarf planet in this so-called science orbit , travelling from pole to pole to image the entire surface .. three more science orbits are planned , with the spacecraft mapping the comet in increasing detail .. up until december it will periodically descend lower and lower until it reaches an altitude of just 225 miles ( 260km ) above the surface , with images 100 times better than those taken so far .. this is lower than the orbital height of the iss around earth -- and will allow dawn to snap glorious images of ceres ' surface , including its mysterious bright spots .. these latest images ( close up view of the bright spots in the crater on the right ) were taken on 14 and 15 april from a distance of 14,000 miles ( 22,000 km ) from the north pole of ceres. dawn is continuing to get closer to the dwarf planet ceres ( position in the solar system shown left ) , and on 23 april it will descend to a circular orbit 8,400 miles ( 13,500 km ) above the surface - its first science orbit .. three more are planned by the end of the year ( orbital paths shown right ). ` the approach imaging campaign has completed successfully by giving us a preliminary , tantalising view of the world dawn is about to start exploring in detail .. it has allowed us to start asking some new and intriguing questions , ' said dr rayman said in a statement .. dawn became the first spacecraft to orbit a dwarf planet on 6 march , having left the giant asteroid vesta in 2012 .. both vesta and ceres are in the main asteroid belt between mars and jupiter , and were on their way to forming planets before their development was interrupted - likely by the gravity of jupiter .
blue bell ice cream announced friday that it has suspended operations at an oklahoma production facility that officials had previously connected to a foodborne illness linked to the deaths of three people .. ` we are taking this step out of an abundance of caution to ensure that we are doing everything possible to provide our consumers with safe products and to preserve the trust we have built with them and their families for more than a century , ' the company said in a statement .. last month , the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in broken arrow , oklahoma .. blue bell ice cream has suspended operations at an oklahoma production facility that officials had previously connected to a foodborne illness linked to the deaths of three people. ten products recalled earlier in march were from a production line at a plant the company 's headquarters in brenham , texas. the now-recalled ice cream product - cups of chocolate , strawberry and vanilla - is not sold in retail locations and is shipped in bulk to ` institutional accounts ' such as hospitals in 23 states that comprise less than 5 per cent of the company 's sales .. ` we recommend that consumers do not eat any blue bell brand products made at the company 's oklahoma facility and that retailers and institutions do not sell or serve them , ' the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention said late friday .. ten products recalled earlier in march were from a production line at a plant in brenham , texas , the company 's headquarters .. the recall , the first in the company 's 108-year history , began when five patients at via christi st. francis hospital in wichita , kansas , became ill with listeriosis while hospitalized at some point from december 2013 to january 2015 .. officials determined at least four drank milkshakes that contained blue bell ice cream .. three of the patients later died .. listeriosis , also known as listeria , is a life-threatening infection caused by eating food contaminated with bacteria called listeria monocytogenes , according to the cdc .. listeriosis , also known as listeria , is a life-threatening infection caused by eating food contaminated with bacteria called listeria monocytogenes. the disease primarily affects pregnant women , newborns , older adults and people with weakened immune systems .. the cdc also said friday that it has identified six patients with listeriosis between 2010 and 2014 that was indistinguishable from that found in the 3-ounce cup ice cream product traced to the oklahoma plant .. four of the six patients were hospitalized in texas for unrelated problems before developing listeriosis , according to the cdc .. the one patient for whom information is available reported eating ice cream in a texas hospital before developing listeriosis and the texas department of state health services reported the hospital had received blue bell brand ice cream cups , the cdc said .. the ` investigation to determine whether these illnesses are related to exposure to blue bell products is ongoing , ' the cdc said .. blue bell said it will conduct a ` careful and complete examination ' of its oklahoma plant ` to determine the exact cause of the contamination . '. the company says it voluntarily shut down the plant , then notified the u.s. food and drug administration. ` once our investigation is complete and we have made all necessary improvements , it will return to operation , ' according to the company 's statement .. ` our other plants continue to operate and supply our products to retail stores and institutional customers . '. the u.s. food and drug administration has been notified of the company 's decision to voluntarily shut down the plant , blue bell said .. in addition to the broken arrow plant , the company has two plants in brenham and one in sylacauga , alabama .. the recalled ice cream had been shipped to alabama , arizona , arkansas , colorado , florida , georgia , illinois , indiana , kansas , kentucky , louisiana , mississippi , missouri , nevada , new mexico , north carolina , ohio , oklahoma , south carolina , tennessee , texas , virginia and wyoming .
an eight-year-old boy penned a letter to health conscious michelle obama to tell her one ketchup packet at lunch simply is not enough .. according to peter 's father , the letter submitted to the weekly standard took six-months to write because troubled peter was ` too angry ' to write it all down in one sitting .. in addition to telling michelle obama that public school children ca n't live on one packet of ketchup alone , peter criticizes the first lady for america 's lack of troops in the middle east and in the ukraine .. he also suggests that the united states bomb syria .. dear michelle obama : an eight-year-old boy named peter penned a letter to health conscious michelle obama to tell her one ketchup packet at lunch simply is not enough and that the united states should bomb syria. i am eight years old .. i love studying history of the u.s.a. i have enjoyed learning about the great choices the usa has made .... and then their was your husbands election .. i think you should rethink your idea that takes us to one ketchup packet per meal .. i feel it is taking away from our patriotism toward america .. i also think you should stop doing nothing and go send some troops to the middle east .. i also think your husband needs to work on his speeches .. he also disappointed millions of americans by not bombing syria .. if you do not know thousands of peoples homes are destroyed by isis in the middle east .. you should also get the un to send troops to ukraine .. also may i ask you , is the white house comfortable ?. thank you for your time and consideration. a concerned 8 year old citizen ,. ` my name is peter .. i am eight years old , ' reads the letter . '. i love studying the history of the usa .. i have enjoyed learning about the great choices the usa has made ... and then there was your husband 's election .. i think you should rethink your idea that takes us to one ketchup packet per meal .. i feel that it is taking away our patriotism toward america , ' he writes .. peter then writes michelle obama that her husband president obama needs to ` work on his speeches . '. not only does peter criticize obama 's speeches , he offers his bull dog view on american foreign policy . '. i also think you should stop doing nothing and go send some troops to the middle east , ' says the letter .. health crusader : michelle obama has set health guidelines in place at schools to fight the nation 's obesity problem but has been criticized for not offering enough funding '. i also think your husband needs to work on his speeches .. he also disappointed millions of americans by not bombing syria .. if you do not know every day thousands of people 's homes are destroyed by the isis in the middle east .. you should also get the u.n. to send troops to ukraine [ e ] , ' the letter continues .. peter 's father told the weekly standard that he found the letter on his son 's desk and that it took his boy months to angrily write it .. peter 's mother said that her son does not need to worry about having just one ketchup packet at lunch because he goes to a private school .. that 's when peter apparently precociously told his parents he wanted to ` give a voice to the voiceless , ' reports the weekly standard .. the end of peter 's letter alluded to the first family 's cushy accommodations .. ` is the white house comfortable ? '. concludes the letter from ' a concerned citizen . '. not so filling : public school students around the country have posted their paltry lunches to criticize michelle obama for her health guidelines they say are making them hungry
we reveal how to get the enviable physiques of the stars .. this week : sienna miller 's waist .. judging by her tiny waist , sienna miller works at maintaining her shape .. sienna miller s a yoga fan - her mother started one of the first london yoga schools in the seventies. yet despite being ` very sporty at school ' , the actress says she 's ` not a gym person ' .. but the mother-of-one is a yoga fan - her mother started one of the first london yoga schools in the seventies .. sienna also works with a personal trainer , power-walking and jogging around her local park and using light weights to tone muscles .. hip rolls , a pilates move that targets the ` oblique ' abdominal muscles around the waist .. lie on your back , knees bent and feet flat on floor , hip-width apart .. take arms out to sides at shoulder height , palms facing upwards .. slowly roll knees to right side , taking head gently to the left .. turn left palm down , keeping shoulder blade anchored to the floor .. engage abdominal muscles and return knees to the centre .. turn your palm back up and repeat on the other side .. the slim actress also works with a personal trainer , power-walking and jogging around her local park
despite arsenal winning their eighth premier league game in a row on saturday , the club 's chief executive ivan gazidis says he is ` not happy ' that the club are not going to win the title .. with top spot set to elude arsenal again , gazidis says the club will ` keep pushing ' chelsea , but he admitted winning the championship is unlikely .. and gazidis fears arsenal will find it harder in future just to maintain their perennial place in the top four champions league qualification places due to a surge in television cash .. aaron ramsey smashes the ball home in the win over burnley , arsenal 's eighth victory in a row in the league. francis coquelin wins the ball off george boyd as the gunners moved four points clear in second place. gazidis says the premier league is ` going to become more competitive which is going to be more challenging for clubs like us . '. the gunners have n't won the league since 2004 and their first eight-game winning run since then has propelled them to second .. earlier setbacks , though , for arsene wenger 's team helped chelsea to establish a commanding lead .. ` we are not happy but we are going to keep pushing to the end and see how far we can go , ' said gazidis .. ivan gazidis says he is not happy with second place , and says the club may struggle in the near future
qpr have confirmed that eduardo vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury that is expected to keep him out for between 10-12 weeks .. the 25-year-old opened the scoring in saturday 's 4-1 win over west brom but picked up the injury to his left knee after falling awkwardly and had to be replaced in the first half .. ` scans have since revealed vargas sustained a grade two medial collateral ligament injury , which is likely to keep him sidelined for between 10-12 weeks , ' read a statement on the club 's website .. qpr have confirmed that eduardo vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season. the 25-year-old picked up the injury to his left knee after falling awkwardly in the win against west brom. scans have since revealed vargas sustained a grade two medial collateral ligament injury. ` vargas is the third qpr player to sustain an mcl injury since the turn of the year , following recent injuries to richard dunne and leroy fer .. ` however , both dunne and fer are now closing in on a first team return , with the pair potentially in line to be in contention for the visit of west ham united to loftus road at the end of the month . '. vargas has scored three goals for qpr this season after signing on loan from napoli in august .. vargas opened the scoring against west bromwich albion at the hawthorns stadium before sustaining injury. vargas is the third qpr player to sustain an mcl injury since the turn of the year. vargas leaves the games against west bromwich albion on crutches following the knee injury
condemned bali nine drug smuggler myuran sukumaran has pledged to stare down the indonesian firing squad who will drag him to a jungle clearing and kill him shortly after midnight wednesday .. that 's according close supporter and artist ben quilty , who has taken to the airwaves in a desperate final bid to stop sukumaran and fellow australian inmate andrew chan 's execution .. ` myuran always said to me he would never take this lying down , ' mr quilty told radio 2gb .. ` that he would stare them down , that no-one would cover his eyes , that he would face it with dignity . '. as a ` realistic ' mr quilty pledged to fight the death penalty ` with everything i have for the rest of my life ' , the australian duo selected the spiritual advisers who will accompany them to their execution .. a grim fate awaits myuran sukumaran ( seated left ) and andrew chan ( right ) , who will be led into a jungle clearing and shot by a firing squad. the execution will likely take place in ` death valley ' - a clearing on nusakambagan .. there , they will be given the option to be blindfolded .. mr quilty said sukumaran will not cover his eyes. chintu sukumaran is pictured after visiting his brother , myuran , on nusakambangan at the weekend. chinthu sukumaran ( left ) and michael chan ( right ) , the brothers of myuran sukumaran and andrew chan talk to journalists at wijaya pura port after visiting their brothers at nusakambangan prison on sunday. lawyer julian mcmahon tearfully carries a self-portrait painted by death row prisoner myuran sukumaran. fairfax media reported sukumaran has nominated his friend christie buckingham , a senior pastor at melbourne 's bayside church .. meanwhile , chan has asked salvation army minister david soper - a family friend - to accompany him to the clearing known as death valley .. the chan and sukumaran families took a boat from cilacap to the island of nusakambangan on monday morning for some of their last hours with their loved ones .. they initially left the cilicap port followed by australia 's consul-general to bali , majell hind , and lawyer julian mcmahon after it was believed they were told the visitation rules had changed .. the families have now received notice they will be required to make their final goodbyes on tuesday afternoon , around 2pm local time .. the australians will be executed just after the stroke of midnight local time on wednesday ( 3am aest ) .. chan and sukumaran both refused to sign their execution warrants when they were given 72 hours notice of their deaths during official proceedings on saturday .. the pair said they believed it would be unjust to kill them .. lawyer julian mcmahon carries a self-portrait painted by australian death row prisoner myuran sukumaran. '72 hours just started ' : this painting was signed by myuran sukumaran shortly after he was informed he had three days to live. paintings of a condemned man : myuran sukumaran 's lawyer , julian mcmahon , has displayed his most recent self-portraits. mr mcmahon told radio 3aw the pair were ` magnificently ' calm when they were told of their executions .. chan has requested fresh air and to attend a church service with his family prior to the end .. as for sukumaran , he has asked for as much time to paint as possible .. mr quilty said he was confident ` myu ' will face death with ` strength and dignity ' .. ` he always said to me he 's made terrible mistakes .. i think he 's forgiven himself for the horror of what he did , the crime of what he did .. macabre scene : coffins are readied for the bodies of the bali nine ringleaders andrew chan and myuran sukumaran. the families have now received notice they will be required to make their final goodbyes to chan and sukumaran on tuesday afternoon , around 2pm local time. chan and sukumaran both refused to sign their execution warrants when they were given 72 hours notice of their deaths during official proceedings on saturday. ` but he has never been able to forgive himself for what he put his mum through , and his little sister , and his little brother .. ` he will face it with strength and dignity .. i know that about him .. because he wo n't want his mother to think he 's a weeping mess at the end .. ` he 'll want his mum to think he 's brave and strong and dignified .. ` and she should be proud of the man he has become . '. bribery claims around the death sentences of myuran sukumaran and andrew chan must be investigated urgently as the pair await their execution within days , their lawyer is arguing .. muhammad rifan , the lawyer who represented the bali nine pair when they were sentenced to death in 2006 , has told fairfax media judges asked for more than $ 130,000 for a lighter sentence .. mr rifan raised the claims months ago - without putting a sum on the bribe - and the men 's current lawyer , todung mulya lubis , has already lodged a complaint with the judicial commission , which appears to have stalled .. mr lubis says the commission has an obligation to finish its probe and it 's not too late to stop the firing squad , which is set for tuesday .. ` we appeal to the attorney-general , we appeal to the president in the name of due process of law , in the name of fairness and justice , not to do the executions , ' he said .. ` this is not an act of ( a ) desperado , this is a demand for justice . '. mr lubis says claims the men face execution because of a corrupt system must be urgently investigated . '. i know that we are counting the hours , ' mr lubis told reporters at cilacap before visiting the australians . '. i know that we 've done everything possible under our legal systems .. ` but sukumaran and chan still feel there 's something wrong with all these legal proceedings , especially at the district court in bali . '
jakarta ( cnn ) an indonesian court has rejected a bid by two australian drug smugglers -- members of the " bali nine " -- to challenge their planned executions .. andrew chan and myuran sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad on indonesia 's " execution island " for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot .. a panel of three judges in the state administrative court in jakarta on monday confirmed an earlier ruling that it lacked the jurisdiction to hear challenges against president joko widodo 's refusal to grant clemency .. lawyers for the pair had argued that widodo had failed to individually consider their cases .. one of the condemned men 's lawyers , leonard aritonang , said he was disappointed with the rulings but would respect the court 's decision .. he said his team would file a further review , asking the constitutional court to explain widodo 's obligations regarding granting clemency .. " i 'm hoping the government still respects ... any ongoing proceedings , " he said .. tony spontana , a spokesman for the indonesian attorney general 's office , told cnn that the state administrative court 's ruling was " a relief . ". " we had predicted it will be rejected because clemency is a prerogative right of the president , as head of the government , not an object of a suit at the administrative court , " he said in a message .. " with this decision , it 's a step closer towards the scheduled execution . ". australia has repeatedly appealed for clemency for the pair and has unsuccessfully proposed a prisoner swap with indonesia as a way of avoiding their deaths .. indonesia has long taken a hard line on drug smugglers , and since assuming office in october , widodo has made it clear he intends to be tough on those found guilty of such crimes .. in an interview with cnn 's christiane amanpour in january , he said there would be " no compromise " on drug dealers .. " indonesia is in a drug emergency , so we need to have something that 's firm , " said widodo .. " they can ask for amnesty from the president .. ... but i 'm telling you there will be no amnesty for drug dealers . ". in december , six prisoners convicted of drug offenses were killed by firing squad , including five foreigners from brazil , the netherlands , malawi , nigeria and vietnam .. chan and sukumaran have been jailed since april 2005 for a failed bid to smuggle more than 8 kilograms of heroin from bali to australia .. the bali nine were arrested after indonesian police received a tip from australian federal police .. chan , 31 , was called the ringleader of the plot , while sukumaran was described as chan 's collaborator .. seven other people who participated in the plan are serving lengthy prison sentences .. police caught four people at the denpasar airport with more than 8 kilograms of heroin strapped to their bodies .. another four -- including sukumaran -- were arrested at a hotel in the village of kuta .. chan was detained after boarding a plane to sydney ; he was n't carrying any drugs but was named by others as the mastermind of the plot .. opinion : why executions wo n't win indonesia 's drug war. sukumaran and chan have become model prisoners during their time behind bars , according to fellow inmates and the jail 's chief warden .. sukumaran is studying fine arts and has set up a class for fellow inmates .. chan has found spirituality , which he uses to counsel inmates with drug problems .. australian foreign minister julie bishop has said that their rehabilitation is genuine .. australians have shown public support for the men , with politicians and members of the public turning out for a dawn vigil to demonstrate opposition to the planned executions .. australia lodges formal complaint over bali nine transfer. cnn 's euan mckirdy contributed to this report .
west ham united 's on-loan barcelona midfielder alex song has picked his #one2eleven of stars he played alongside throughout his career , on the fantasy football club on sky sports .. song , who has also played for arsenal as well as representing cameroon at international level , has picked a mixture of talent in his squad .. watch #one2eleven every friday evening on the fantasy football club , sky sports 1 or catch up on demand .. he could have played at one of the top teams in the premier league .. when i was playing for the ( cameroon ) national team he would just say , ` just score and i will do the rest ' .. for me he is the best ` keeper .. alex song believes cameroon goalkeeper carlos kameni could have played in the premier league. he plays like a joke .. he makes things look so easy when he is going forward and his delivery is unbelievable .. he is a character player because he never gives up .. every time you need character , you want players to be like him .. when he says ` vamos ' at training , that 's it , you have to wake up .. he gives you motivation to come to training and is such a great professional .. he is a captain and a leader .. he has the same character like puyol .. when i was young i was always watching him play .. when you have this guy behind you , you do n't have a lot of room .. you will have a very bad night .. every time you would play for the national side people would say , ` you have to play like rigobert song ' because they know he never gives up and shows a fighting spirit .. song believes rigobert song is a similar character to carlos puyol so makes his fantasy football club xi. jordi is like a small bike because he never stops running .. he 's very good with the feet as well .. every time he looks ( to go ) forward and attack. xavi is an unbelievable player .. he gives you the tempo of the game .. when you have this guy in the middle he sees everywhere ( on the pitch ) and always plays a good ball .. he also knows how to slow the game down .. for one player it could be hard , but for him it 's easy .. i see him training every single day , he was unbelievable .. when i went to barcelona i was training with him but i could n't get the ball off him .. song has room for spanish midfielder andres iniesta in his side for the magician 's magic touch. he is one of the most clever players i have played against .. for him , he sees everywhere and gives a good delivery .. i know he is a quality player .. he 's done it at arsenal and barcelona so i was not surprised to see him come back to the premier league with chelsea .. he 's just 23 and he has achieved so much at this age .. when he came from brazil people did n't think he would adapt to european football , but for him it 's easy .. i think he is doing very , very well .. he is fast and knows how to dribble .. i 'm sure he will do well in the premier league as well because he has the ability .. barcelona 's brazilian winger neymar has earned himself a starting spot in song 's fantasy football club xi. we played away against real madrid in the champions league and he scored that goal .. messi is the best player i have seen in my life .. there is nothing to say because he is just a genius .. he is just 27 and has a lot of time to achieve so much more .. when he comes into training , he just does n't lose the ball .. and when he loses in training , he is upset and that 's what makes him such a special player .. song poses with his fantasy football club xi which includes a whopping nine barcelona players
from clipping nails to a plastic bag filled with urine , these photographs show the horrible airline passengers who carry on the unnecessary baggage .. disgruntled flyers and flight attendants from around the globe , have taken their frustration to social media to shame feral passengers with annoying habits - and the results are sure to shock .. they include a feet being wedged in between seats or near other passenger 's head , rubbish being trashed in seat pockets and bathrooms while others are taking up more space than necessary .. one traveller has snapped a picture of himself enduring the close proximity of another passenger 's foot. disgusting : one flight attendant found a surprise under one of the seats - a plastic bag filled with urine. other photos show two passengers wearing face masks , a male traveller working out in the aisle while one of the cutest passengers to hit the air was a bulldog that was seen in a security vest .. the images , captured by anonymous travellers , were posted on former flight attendant shawn kathleen 's instagram account passenger shaming .. the page follows after ms kathleen , who worked as a flight attendant for seven years , started the group on facebook to highlight the less than desirable habits some have adopted while flying .. she has previously mentioned some her most feared habits , including people who do n't flush the toilet and people going into the bathroom without shoes or socks .. got it nailed : this passenger decided being seated on a busy plane was the perfect time to clip his fingernails. one of the cutest passengers to hit the air was a bulldog in a security vest that was seen resting beside a seat. toe the line : one passenger got a little too comfortable , pushing both feet through to the seas in front. one of the popular yet annoying habits are people resting their feet on any surface they could reach , including walls and near people 's heads as as well sleeping with their feet in awkward positions .. since its inception , the page has attracted worldwide attention from passengers and flight attendants with its instagram page now has nearly 240,000 followers .. recent photos in the past months show a potty in the aisle , people sleeping in inappropriate places , passengers resting their feet on tray tables and walls and dirty nappies stuffed in the seat pockets .. photos of unsupervised children vandalising the aeroplane with stickers and an unwrapped condom found under a seat have also made the cut for passenger shaming .. this is n't working out : one passenger thought it was a good time to do a work-out session during a flight. socks appeal : a weary traveller decided to prop his feet up against a wall - over another passenger
johnny manziel was spotted for the first time since being released from rehab .. the footballer checked into a facility on january 28 after stating that he wanted to ` be a better family member , friend and teammate , ' and tuesday night the cleveland browns quarterback was seen enjoying a texas rangers game with girlfriend colleen crowley .. he also stayed away from the booze , sipping water throughout the game .. this as offseason workouts with the team will begin next monday , april 20 .. johnny manziel was spotted at a texas rangers game tuesday night days after leaving rehab. he was joined by his girlfriend colleen crowley and sipped water throughout the night. manziel ( above ) has been released from rehab after entering a facility on january 28. this after manziel 's partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last july , with some worried his drinking was a priority. according to espn , manziel was ` doing great ' in rehab , and had the full support of his team .. now comes the real test however , as he will be forced to compete with josh mccown for the starting quarterback position , who just signed a $ 14 million contract with the team that covers the next three seasons .. this after a rookie season in which he saw limited game time and suffered difficult losses in his only two starts , manziel was no doubt hoping to step out of the spotlight following the end of the cleveland browns season last december , but talk soon turned to whether or not the accomplished footballer might have a problem .. especially after one incident last year when , after partying until well past midnight , manziel , who is suffering from an injured hamstring , skipped out on a saturday morning team treatment session because he overslept , and in turn was fined by the browns .. manziel was quick to apologize to the team for his behavior , saying ; ` it 's about being accountable ... instead of looking like a jackass . '. and while his season may have been over at that time , many believed manziel would still tone things down for a bit in the wake of that controversy , which made it all the more shocking when he was spotted partying at fdr lounge at the delano in miami on over the new year holiday , alongside the likes of lebron james and ryan phillippe , and then seen chugging champagne straight from the bottle while sitting poolside with girlfriend colleen crowley and some buddies poolside at the delano .. at this point , some in the sports world , chief among them columnist skip bayless , began to suggest that the heisman trophy winner needed to get help for his drinking .. the aqthlete was in treatment for roughly six weeks before being released. appearing on espn 's first take , bayless , a noted supporter of manziel , did not mince words as he made it very clear that in his opinion the former college star needed to deal with his drinking .. ` my concern , i repeatedly said , was if johnny continues to demonstrate that he has a problem with alcohol , and a problem with alcohol leading to partying and all that that entails , then i 'm going to be out , ' said bayless .. ` in talking to people in and around the cleveland browns , i believe johnny manziel continues to have a problem with alcohol .. and i believe ... that it is time for johnny to get some help .. he continues to lie to his executives , to his coaches , to his teammates , to the media , and most of all , he continues to lie to himself . '. he then said he would label manziel an ` alcoholic . '. manziel was known for his partying while at texas a&m , but said he was a changed man during the 2014 nfl draft , noting that he had ` grown up , ' before being selected 22nd overall by cleveland .. just days into his training with the browns however , the local press began calling him out on his partying , which they cited as the major reason for his poor performance on the field .. a source told cleveland.com at the time ; ` team officials had bought into manziel 's pre-draft promises to tone down the partying and leave his frat-boy lifestyle back in college station , texas , and they 've been stunned by his non-stop antics . '. a photo snapped of manziel before the start of the season and later posted to instagram showed the footballer at a bar in the process of tightly rolling up a dollar bill while standing over a sink counter. manziel while the 2013 heisman trophy as the quarterback of the texas a&m university aggies. also causing some alarm before the season even began was a photo snapped of manziel and later posted to instagram that showed the footballer at a bar in the process of tightly rolling up a dollar bill while standing over a sink counter , leading some to suggest that he might have been snorting cocaine .. browns head coach mike pettine spoke to manziel soon after the problematic photo was posted , a photo that could have led to an inquiry or a drug test from the nfl , and said he felt that things were back on track and that manziel was focused on football once again .. there was also an odd incident during the regular season when he got into a fight with a fan in the lobby of his apartment building , and while alcohol seems to have played a role in the incident , it was the fan who was inebriated , not manziel .. it should be noted that a very thorough and detailed story published by espn in 2013 said that after his arrest for disorderly conduct back in 2012 and while still at college , manziel did seek help for an alcohol problem , seeing an counselor for six or seven weeks .. manziel would later claim this report was false , and that he had never seen a counselor for anger management or for alcohol abuse while in college .. manziel is now set to begin offseason workouts with the cleveland browns on april 20. as for his future with the browns , that is a little unclear .. some , including espn 's pat mcmanamon , have called on the browns to fire manziel after he overslept for his treatment last year , saying he and fellow player josh gordon have a ` complete lack of professionalism . '. gordon was also out with manziel and showed up late for the team walk-through , an offense that carried a far stiffer punishment for the starter as he was forced to sit out the final game of the season .. currently , manziel has a four year contract with the browns worth about $ 8.25 million .. the 22-year-old also has some of the most coveted , and lucrative , endorsement deals in the sports world with , among others , nike , mcdonald 's , musclepharm , and snickers .. for now though , manziel seems to be committed to laying low and focusing on the football .. ` when [ manziel ] is back , it will be full speed ahead for him , said pettine . '. i think he 's very anxious at this point .. we 'll be prepared as we will with every other player .. when they get back to town , we 're going to coach the heck out of them . '
it 's probable that thiago alcantara would never have signed for manchester united even if david moyes had wanted him .. once pep guardiola had made it clear he required the midfelder at bayern munich , it was pointless for united to continue their pursuit anyway ,. but the fact that moyes was n't keen on the transfer - ` not his type ' said a club source - was probably an early indication that he was n't the right fit for united .. not that moyes is a bad judge of a player ; all managers get it wrong at some point .. however , united 's need for passing quality from deep midfield was apparent throughout moyes ' short time at the club .. indeed , it has continued to be a problem until michael carrick fully recovered from injury and ander herrera began to find his feet .. the kind of passing display thiago delivered in bayern 's 6-1 win over porto on wednesday has been precisely what united have been missing .. thiago ( right ) heads in bayern munich 's first goal during their 6-1 win over porto on tuesday night. thiago blows a kiss to the crowd as he celebrates his goal which started bayern 's remarkable comeback. thiago is congratulated on his strike by pep guardiola , the man who took him from barcelona to bayern. without quality in that area , few teams can compete at the elite level any more .. it used to be the case that a requirement of playing holding midfield was height , strength and an ability to tackle .. given that most distribution emanates from deep , being among the best passers of the ball in that position is infinitely more important now .. moyes might quite reasonably been worried that thiago was on the slight side to thrive in the rough and tumble of the premier league .. and his troubles with repeated knee ligaments injuries until his comeback this year add some weight to that theory - he was much missed by spain at the world cup after pulling out with a knee injury .. but there are few players in the world who can pass like thiago .. gary neville has spoken about how paul scholes was once among that small group of players who could dictate a game simply with the tempo and the accuracy of their passing .. andrea pirlo and xavi are two more from scholes ' generation .. thiago is now elevating himself to their level .. one experienced german journalist who has been watching bayern for 35 years commented last night : ` thiago might well be the most technically-gifted central midfielder who has ever played for bayern . '. thiago dictated the pace of the game from deep for bayern munich as they crushed porto. thiago started his career at barcelona but was overlooked for cesc fabregas ( right ) by boss tito vilanova. and no-one has invested more in thiago than guardiola , which is why united had no realistic chance of signing him once his offer had been made .. it was pep who promoted him to the first team at barcelona in 2009 and made him an integral part of the squad .. but when pep left , his successor , the late tito vilanova , wanted cesc fabregas to play that role .. thiago was sidelined , hence his availability in the summer of 2013 .. he is very much a global footballer for the 21st century .. his dad , of course , is brazilian , the world cup winner mazinho ; thiago was born in italy and raised in spain .. he opted to play for the country in which he was living , rather than that of his forefathers or his birth , and was outstanding for spain in the european under 21 championships in 2013 , scoring a hat-trick in the final against italy in a 4-2 win .. at barcelona they are said not to be disturbed by the rise of thiago .. ivan rakitic and sergio busquets have that position covered .. but xavi is off to qatar and cesc is at chelsea .. should barca end up against bayern in the champions league semi finals , they may yet rue the day they deemed him surplus to requirements .. david moyes believed thiago may not be able to cope with the physical demands of the premier league
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats .. here is all the information you need for sunderland 's home clash with crystal palace .... sunderland vs crystal palace ( stadium of light ). sunderland midfielder sebastian larsson is suspended for crystal palace 's barclays premier league trip to the stadium of light on saturday .. the sweden international will sit out the next two games after reaching 10 bookings for the campaign during sunday 's 1-0 derby victory over newcastle .. seb larsson gestures to sunderland fans during the black cats win over newcastle last sunday. jack rodwell will return to the squad after a hamstring problem , while fellow midfielder will buckley was included among the substitutes against the magpies following his recovery from a knee problem .. however , defender wes brown ( knee ) and midfielder emanuele giaccherini ( ankle ) are still missing .. provisional squad : pantilimon , mannone , reveillere , van aanholt , jones , o'shea , vergini , coates , cattermole , bridcutt , rodwell , johnson , alvarez , gomez , fletcher , defoe , wickham , graham .. crystal palace midfielder joe ledley will be given every opportunity to prove his fitness for saturday 's barclays premier league match at sunderland .. mile jedinak is likely to return after his four-match suspension if ledley does not make it , but the australia captain could be included anyway .. joe ledley applauds the crystal palace fans following their 2-1 victory over manchester city on monday. strikers marouane chamakh and fraizer campbell ( hamstring ) and midfielder jordon mutch ( thigh ) remain out .. provisional squad : speroni , ward , dann , delaney , kelly , ledley , zaha , puncheon , mcarthur , bolasie , murray , jedinak , hangeland , sanogo , hennessey , gayle , ameobi , boateng , souare , mariappa .. odds ( subject to change ) :. managers : dick advocaat ( sunderland ) , alan pardew ( crystal palace ). head-to-head league record : sunderland wins 10 , draws 10 , crystal palace wins 11. key match stats ( supplied by opta ). sunderland have only scored more than twice in two premier league games this season and one of them came in their 3-1 win at palace in november .. wes brown scored his sixth premier league own goal in the reverse fixture in november .. only two players ( richard dunne 10 & jamie carragher 7 ) have scored more in premier league history .. jermain defoe 's three sunderland goals have come between the 34th and 45th minute .. defoe has scored three of sunderland 's last four premier league goals but first of those came in january .. jordi gomez and steven fletcher were on target when sunderland won 3-1 at crystal palace earlier this term. if the premier league only counted games since alan pardew took over as palace manager then the eagles would be fifth , only two points behind chelsea .. glenn murray has scored palace 's opening goal in four of their last six games .. crystal palace have kept only one clean sheet under alan pardew ( in 11 pl games ) .. palace are looking to win four league games in a row for the first time since winning five in succession last april .. crystal palace have gained 18 points from losing positions this season , a seasonal high in the premier league .. only wba ( 23 ) have conceded more home goals than sunderland ( 22 ) this season .
thousands of people , including hundreds of school children , lined the streets of norfolk today to wave farewell to the light dragoons .. around 250 men and women from the reconnaissance unit , which has most recently served in iraq and afghanistan , marched through the town of dereham for the final time .. they were supported by more than 4,000 well-wishers , many waving flags , who lined the streets to mark the conclusion of the regiments 15 year tenure in the county .. they are set to leave robertson barracks in swanton morley this summer and move some 200 miles to their new home in catterick , north yorkshire .. final farewell : the light dragoons marched through the streets of dereham , norfolk , as they prepare to wave goodbye to the county. the reconnaissance unit is moving from robertson barracks in swanton morley to catterick , north yorkshire , after 15 years. thank you : more than 4,000 people , including hundreds of school children , lined the route to cheer on the departing troops. patriotic : little poppy-louise brook waves her union flag as she sits on her grandfather 's shoulders to watch her father , lance corporal liam brook , march past in the parade. many of the school children who lined the streets are from military families and will be leaving their classmates to head to yorkshire. the 250 men and women of the regiment were inspected by a number of officials , including the county 's deputy lieutenant brigadier richard heywood. ` we 've found ourselves putting some quite deep roots out here , whether it be in the local community or taking the dog for a walk on beautiful norfolk beaches , ' said commanding officer lieutenant colonel james senior , according to itv news .. ` we 've found a new home here so it will be a strain to leave here .. but alas all good things must end and we must move onto what 's next for us . '. the light dragoons were originally mounted on fast horses and as a result were able to move quickly across the battlefield .. today , they sit on jackal fighting vehicles and they are able to deploy anywhere in the world at very short notice .. in 2009 the light dragoons were first given permission to march through dereham with their bayonets fixed .. the farewell parade through the town included military vehicles , a jet flypast and the band of the royal armoured corps .. the deputy lieutenant of norfolk , brigadier richard heywood , took the salute and inspected the troops .. many of the children lining the route were from military families and are also preparing to move to north yorkshire .. showing support : thousands of appreciative local people watched the parade , which featured more than 250 soldiers. commanding officer lieutenant colonel james senior said : ` we 've found a new home here so it will be a strain to leave here '. the light dragoons will hand over their barracks to another unit in the summer after more than a decade in the town. the last parade came six years after the regiment were first given permission to march through the town with their bayonets fixed. the light dragoons have a proud 300 year history that has seen them take part in the jacobite rebellions , in the waterloo campaign , charge down the valley of death at the battle of balaclava , and be one of the first ashore at d day .. more recently , the regiment was deployed to iraq in 2003 to assist with the stabilisation of the country after saddam hussein 's regime was toppled .. they returned again in 2005 to battle counter insurgency and assist with the training of the iraqi police force .. in afghanistan the regiment were involved in numerous operations to rid the country of the taliban , as well as assisting with the creation and training of the afghan army .. the regiment will hand over the barracks in swanton morley to1st the queen 's dragoon guards , in july .
passengers hoping to make a short domestic flight friday were trapped on the tarmac at an airport for six hours with only one bathroom between them .. men , women and children who boarded a united express flight from kansas city , missouri , to denver , colorado , were instead diverted to colorado springs due to bad weather .. the 6am flight took just an hour and a half to get to the unscheduled stop at colorado springs - but then languished for another six hours , before everybody was ordered off anyway .. stuck : passengers headed from kansas city to denver were rerouted due to bad weather - and left sat on the tarmac for six hours at colorado springs airport. stuck : the flight was stuck on the tarmac from early friday morning until after lunchtime .. pictured above are several united express planes waiting. the 6am flight took just an hour and a half to get to the unscheduled stop at colorado springs - but then languished for another six hours , before everybody was ordered off anyway .. according to local news station koaa , those aboard flight 4934 , which was being operated by republic airlines , were finally taken to their destination by bus .. in accordance with federal law the airline gave people the chance to get off the plane after it had been stuck for three hours .. but passengers were told that if they got off , that would be the end of their trip and they would have to give up on connecting flights and make their own way from colorado springs .. trapped : pictured is kathie ridings , one of the passengers who was stuck at colorado springs. according to those on board , virtually everyone chose to stay on the plane .. in the mean time , passengers told how the short-haul flight 's meager supplies of crackers and water dwindled , while the single bathroom became ` foul ' and ran out of necessary supplies .. a republic spokesman told dailymail.com : ` passengers were offered the opportunity to deplane , despite several erroneous media reports .. ` republic eventually cancelled the flight , and the company repositioned another aircraft so passengers could continue on to their destination .. ` further , united was reaching out to customers to offer compensation .. republic apologizes for the inconvenience , but as always , the safety of our customers and crew is always our number one priority ' .
a father-of-three and popular radio host in berkeley , california , was killed in a hit-and-run in the early hours of saturday morning .. wesley burton , who worked at kpfa , was driving home from work when a white dodge charger crashed into his silver mercury .. the crash occurred near the berkeley-oakland city line and police say the hit-and-run driver fled the on foot .. wesley burton , a father-of-three and popular radio host at kpfa in berkeley , california , was killed in a hit-and-run in the early hours of saturday morning as he drove home from work. ` help us regain our peace ' : burton 's wife lucrecia has made an emotional plea for anyone with information about her husband 's killer to come forward. emergency personnel attempted life-saving measures , but burton was pronounced dead at the scene - just blocks from his home .. the 36-year-old had worked at kpfa for 20 years , co-hosting the sideshow radio and after hours music shows as well as working as a sound engineer on countless other shows .. his wife lucrecia has made a tearful plea for anyone with information to come forward and speak to the police .. ` we lost our rock .. he was our stability , our strength , ' she told ktvu .. ` help us regain our peace .. help us get our answers ... our questions answered . '. she also works at the radio station and met burton there 16 years ago .. burton had three children - santiago , enrique , and samaya -- aged between 4 and 9 .. burton had three children - santiago , enrique , and samaya -- aged between 4 and 9 and after growing up without a father his dream had been to raise his own kids. wesley burton , who worked at kpfa , was driving home from work when a white dodge charger crashed into his silver mercury. an emotional lucrecia explained burton did n't have a father growing up and his dream had been to raise his own children .. ` making sure that they had a father and so he was very passionate about that , ' she said .. a gofundme account has been set up to help burton 's wife pay funeral costs and other family expenses .. it has so far raised over $ 25,000 .. police are urging anyone with information to call the traffic investigation unit on (510)777-8570 .. oakland crime stoppers is offering a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to an arrest .
cnn 's dr sanjay gupta has abandoned his journalistic duties to scrub up and perform brain surgery on a teenager in an overstretched hospital in nepal .. the neurosurgeon , who is in kathmandu to cover the aftermath of saturday 's deadly earthquake , performed a craniotomy on the 15-year-old girl , sandhya chalise , after a wall of her family 's home fell on her as she collected water outside .. sandhya , who lives in a more remote area of the country , only reached kathmandu 's bir hospital two days after the 7.8-magnitude quake and by that point , blood had collected in the top of her brain , cnn reported .. put to work : dr sanjay gupta ( second left ) , the chief medical correspondent for cnn , was asked by a nepalese hospital to perform brain surgery on a 15-year-girl who was injured in the earthquake. quick-thinking : gupta , center at the hospital , said the girl was just one of many people walking through the doors with head injuries at the overstretched hospital .. more than 6,000 people were injured '. i was asked to do this by the doctors there at the hospital , ' dr gupta said during a telephone interview with the network . '. i think they literally need another set of hands because the demand is so high . '. during the procedure , he was forced to used basic equipment , such as a saw rather than an electric drill , and sterile water and iodine from a bottle , rather than a proper scrub sink , he told cnn .. following the operation , she is ` doing well ' , gupta said , ` but her story is unfortunately very typical ' .. after the surgery , an eight-year-old girl arrived at the hospital needing a similar operation .. more than 4,300 people are believed to have been killed in the earthquake , but nepalese officials have speculated that as many as 10,000 could have died .. around 6,000 have been injured and are pouring into the hospitals , which are struggling to keep up with the demand .. ` i 've seen a lot of situations around the world , and this is as bad as i 've ever seen it , ' gupta said .. hurt : another child with a similar head injury , pictured , came to the hospital shortly after the operation. helping hand : as well as working for cnn , gupta is a neurosurgeon at emory healthcare in atlanta. ` they need more resources , they need more personnel here right now , and they 're expecting many more patients as these rescue operations go on .. they 're barely able to keep up right now . '. as well as serving as cnn 's chief medical correspondent , gupta is a neurosurgeon at emory healthcare in atlanta .. it is not the first time the married father-of-three , 45 , has performed surgery while on a reporting job .. in 2003 , while covering the medical demands of the invasion of iraq , he performed emergency surgery on u.s. soldiers and iraqi civilians .. and while reporting in haiti following the 2010 earthquake , he and other doctors removed a piece of concrete from a 12-year-old girl 's skull aboard aircraft carrier uss carl vinson .
britain 's only surviving mobile cinema has gone on sale for # 120,000 as the owners who spent years of their life restoring it and touring the country now want to enjoy parenthood .. emma giffard , 36 , and ollie halls , 37 , from somerset , bought the cinema for just # 1,200 in 2005 and spent # 35,000 on restoring the vintage classic with friends in devon over five years .. they toured the country with the classic bus which became a celebrity , starring alongside melvyn bragg in a 20-part bbc2 series ` the reel history of britain and in ` george clarke 's amazing spaces ' .. restored : britain 's last-ever mobile cinema has been brought back to its former glory after film buffs found it rotting in a field in 2005. but now the pair have decided the time has come to sell the bus , which has taken over their lives for more than a decade .. ` we 've got two children under three , ' emma said .. ` sometimes my mother-in-law comes along and looks after the kids on whatever event site we 're on but it 's getting to be too hard with the two of them getting bigger . '. after years on the road , the couple had their first baby iona may giffard halls in 2012 and five months ago , they 're second arrived , ivy .. since then , ollie has had to spend five months a year on tour while emma stays at home with the children and he 's now looking forward to having more time with iona and ivy .. love affair : emma and ollie outside the bedford cinema which has taken over their lives since they restored it ten years ago. iona may giffar halls , two and a half years old , sits outside the mobile cinema .. her parents are looking to offload the classic so they can concentrate on being parents to her and sister ivy , five months old .. dad ollie does n't want to be on tour as they grow up. happy families : mum emma with iona may , left , and ivy , right .. the family have just bough they 're first home in somerset. ` i 'll miss being on the road and that diversity but if i did n't give it up , i 'd miss my children growing up and spending social time with them which is more important than the bus . '. it 's now listed on ebay for # 120,000 which is 100 times what they originally bought it for , but it 's not just a bus , it 's a piece of british history , listed as ` the soul survivor ' of the original fleet .. it 's one of just seven mobile cinemas originally commissioned by the ministry of technology in 1967 , to promote british industry as a global leader by visiting factories to show films about modernisation .. with a plastic perspex bubble at the front and a tardis-like interior with a 26-seater cinema inside , the bedford sb3 looked like something from the future as they toured the country promoting the ` white heat of technology ' .. the vintage mobile cinema is one of just seven mobile cinemas originally commissioned by the ministry of technology in 1967. a piece of history : this was how the buses were advertised when they toured factories to promote british industry in the 1960s. super seven : the vintage is the soul survivor of a fleet of seven and was rescued from a field in essex where it sat for 14 years. promoting industry : bosses and workers at factories would enter the visiting bus to learn about the ` white heat of technology '. but like all modern creations , soon enough they grew old and it was n't long before this particular cinema was on the road to being forgotten .. it was owned by the transport trust between 1975 and 1990 but after that it sat in a field in essex for 14 years until it was rescued by a previous owner based in somerset .. in 2005 , ollie halls and emma giffard of the vintage mobile cinema company bought it for just # 1,200 and brought it to devon , where they carefully restored it with the help of friends .. they spent # 35,000 on the restoration which put the vintage cinema back on the road and touring a series of shows at north devon schools and villages and beyond .. from there it went on to exhibit at film festivals , community , corporate and private events around the uk and abroad , travelling as far as holland and france .. listed : the rare bedford mobile cinema was fully restored between 2005 and 2010 and is now on offer on ebay for # 120,000. oliver and emma are hoping that someone else might take up the mantle and continue touring the bus but at this point the future of the cinema is uncertain .. ollie said : ` it could go any which way - a collector in this country or abroad , someone wanting to run the business , or a group putting together a bid to bring it into a trust . '. i really want it to continue to be out there for people to be able to carry on sharing the experience .. ` but we have to decide what route is going to best secure its future , because it 's completely unique and owning it means that we 're custodians of that little bit of history .. government property : the fleet of bedford sb3s as they were when they toured the country promoting industry in the 1960s. ` it was never meant to be a career - i just started doing it up as a hobby and it got out of control . '. i was working full time and spending all my spare time and spare money on the bus , lying in the mud in a freezing cold shed wondering if i 'd gone mad .. ` but people just loved everything about it , which made all the blood , sweat and tears worthwhile .. ` they do n't make things like this anymore , and it speaks to people 's sense of nostalgia .. ` it was so popular that it absolutely and 100 per cent took over my life - and it 's been hard to give up to because so many people still want the bus . '. there 's also a new edition which could be a different opportunity to a new owner .. the vehicles originally towed huge exhibition trailers and remarkably the cinema has now been reunited with its trailer - after being separated for 23 years .. re-united : the owners got a call ` out of the blue ' from someone who knew where the buses trailer was after they had been separated for 23 years .. now the pair have come together again - but the trailer is a restoration project in itself for the new owner. ` we got a phone call out the blue , ' said ollie .. ` someone saw us on the news and realised that the trailer their friend had been using as a woodwork shop belonged with our cinema .. ` it 's taken a few years but we 've finally put them back together . '. ollie had been promised the trailer from an owner sympathetic to their project around four years ago but when he finally got it , it 's actually what convinced the family to part with the bus .. ` it 's a huge restoration which i do n't think i want to do because i have a number of other projects that i 'm hoping to work on .. ` we 've just bought our first house in somerset which is a restoration project and i 've also got a 1940s caravan and another 1960s bedford truck to work on .. ` i 'm the kind of guy who likes a challenge but i feel like the bus is done now and i want to work on something new - i 've been doing it most of my adult life .. ` they drive beautifully together but the trailer is another restoration project - maybe this time for someone else . '. mod cons : inside the cinema is far from vintage with a full hd projector and dolby surround sound. the vintage piece is advertised as the ` only surviving ' member of a fleet of seven and has 26 1930s-style seats - as well as a few modern tweaks .. the projection kit is full hd , with a 7.1 dolby surround sound , complemented by sound proofing fitted to ` limit external disturbances ' .. there 's also climate control , delivering hot and cold air ` for the comfort of the audience '. ollie and emma hope that the cinema will remain in use for the people of britain to enjoy .. and although the price-tag is high , potential buyers wo n't get another opportunity to buy this piece of british history .. ` it 's one of a kind , ' emma said .. ` it 's a once in a lifetime opportunity for someone . '
a libyan rapper has released a new music video in which he is seen seen performing his music in front of dramatic scenes of civil war .. calling himself ` volcano ' , the 31-year-old musician was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing as he stands in front of missile launchers and burning buildings in the conflict-ravaged city of benghazi .. libya 's second largest city was seized by the hardline islamist group ansar al-sharia in july last year and intense fighting between the rebels and regime forces over the past few months have reduced much of benghazi to rubble - apparently an ideal backdrop to volcano 's rap videos .. warzone : calling himself ` volcano ' , the 31-year-old musician was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing as he stands in front of missile launchers and burning buildings in the conflict-ravaged city of benghazi. guns : rapping in arabic , volcano is pictured holding a large assault rifle and surrounded by armed fighters. vehicle : volcano stands in front of a pick-up truck that has been modified to carry a massive machine gun. volcano 's video begins by showing him making a phone call in a quiet backstreet but soon cuts to amateur footage of explosions and shots of the rapper performing in front of burning buildings .. rapping in arabic , volcano is pictured holding a large assault rifle and standing in front of pick-up trucks that have been modified to carry massive machine guns .. seconds later he and a group of armed militants are seen standing in front of a tank in a heavily shelled courtyard as they pose for the camera while artillery vehicles fire their weapons .. at one point volcano - who wears expensive boots , jeans , a baseball jacket , sunglasses and gold chains - gives the thumbs up to the camera while standing in front of the burning rubble of a destroyed building .. elsewhere in the video the rapper wears military-style fatigues , although his well-groomed beard and spotless white trainers make him stand out among the exhausted fighters wearing bullet-proof vests and battered combat gear .. although he appears in the war zone wielding a guns , it is not clear whether volcano is simply using the civil war backdrop for effect or if he is actually involved in the conflict .. it is also unclear whether the fighters he appears alongside are rebels or members of the libyan national army .. costume changes : volcano alternates between wearing expensive boots , jeans , a baseball jacket , sunglasses and gold chains ( left ) and military-style fatigues ( right ) .. his well-groomed beard and spotless white trainers make him stand out among the exhausted-looking fighters he surrounds himself with , however. it is not clear whether volcano is using the civil war backdrop for effect , or if he is involved in the conflict. the most senior member of the gaddafi clan has laid the blame of the migrant shipwreck that killed about 950 people on the western countries which helped overthrow colonel gaddafi .. ahmed gaddaf al-dam , a former minister and muammar gaddafi 's cousin , said the ` overwhelming chaos ' in libya ` has become a shame that will haunt the countries that had participated in the destruction of the libyan armed forces in 2011 ' .. but senior conservative minister william hague has defended the government 's role in helping to overthrow the dictator , who was well-known for his barbaric treatment of the would-be migrants .. about 800 people are believed to have died when a fishing boat carrying migrants overturned off libyan waters , south of the italian island of lampedusa , shortly after midnight on sunday .. and gaddafi 's cousin , who was one of several high-profile regime figures who fled to egypt during the 2011 revolution , believes the only solution for stability in the mediterranean is to bring back those who surrounded the country 's despotic former ruler in government .. volcano 's facebook page describes him as a benghazi-based rapper who also studies english translation at benghazi university - the oldest education establishment in libya .. the lyrics to his song refer to god being ` gone ' and - rather than talking about the conflict in libya - appear about palestinians living in gaza .. the refrain of the song suggests volcano keeps up to date with events in the gaza strip and israel via news on google and yahoo .. giving his personal interests as ` libyan rap ' , volcano 's page also states : ' i hate treason ' .. the comment is not elaborated on , and it is not clear exactly what he is referring to .. the majority of volcano 's music video is filmed on an hd camera and he appears to be wearing and large and expensive wristwatch throughout - suggesting he could be considerably wealthier than the average resident in benghazi .. the six-minute clip also ends with volcano watching the video back on a samsung mobile phone .. between shots of the rapper standing on war-ravaged streets and posing with gun-wielding fighters , volcano is seen giving a concert in downtown benghazi .. although the faces of his audience are not seen , the crowd wave their hands in the air as volcano stands on a makeshift stage .. as well as hd shots of volcano rapping and posing alongside heavily armed fighters , the footage also shows to clips of daily life in benghazi - such as a father taking his young son shopping .. elsewhere amateur footage of shell attacks are edited in to the video clip .. calm : volcano 's video begins by showing him making a phone call in a quiet backstreet. flames of war : the clip soon cuts to shots of the rapper performing in front of burning buildings. pricey : most of volcano 's music video is filmed on an hd camera and he appears to be wearing an expensive wristwatch throughout - suggesting he is considerably wealthier than the average benghazi resident. volcano is not the first north african rapper linked to warfare and conflict .. earlier this year islamic state supporters took to social media to boast about the recruitment of a failed party loving rapper from tunisia .. maurouane douiri , better known by his stage name emino , announced his decision to join isis by posting a picture of himself holding a goat , allegedly in iraq .. emino appears to have abandoned his trademark ushanka hat and is shown wearing a long red and white arab scarf .. strangely posed holding a small brown and white goat , the once wannabe gangster wrote that he had given his allegiance to the leader of islamic state , abu bakr al-baghdadi .. emino was one of a dozen tunisian rappers who were vocal critics of president zine el abidine ben ali 's regime .. previously the 25 year old used his social media page to proudly show off photos of himself surrounded with a bevy of scantily clad ladies .. performance : between shots of the rapper standing on war-ravaged streets and posing with gun-wielding fighters , volcano is seen giving a concert in downtown benghazi. libya 's second largest city , benghazi was seized by the islamist group ansar al-sharia in july last year. it is unclear whether the fighters volcano poses with are rebels or members of the libyan national army. one of the photos shows the rapper being touched and stroked by a group of women , with one of them appears to be drinking from a suspicious looking wine glass .. emino is no trendsetter - at least three other failed rappers have joined isis over the last few years .. german rapper denis cuspert is the best known of the three known rappers to have been part of islamic state .. known on stage as deso dogg , the wannabe gangster traded in his failing career to embrace the extremist group 's radical brand of islam .. american failed rapper douglas mcauthur mccain was reportedly killed fighting for isis last august .. mccain , who enjoyed smoking marijuana in the park and had previous convictions for disorderly conduct , is thought to have converted to islam in 2004 .
a virulent strain of bird flu continues to hammer the midwest and the virus recently took its biggest toll yet after it hit a farm in iowa that held nearly 10 percent of the state 's egg-laying chickens .. poultry producers and scientists had been hoping warmer weather would knock down the deadly bird flu virus .. but the u.s. department of agriculture said monday that the h5n2 bird flu virus had been found at a farm in northwest iowa 's osceola county - prompting a massive bird cull .. bird flu : chickens stand in their cages at a farm near stuart , iowa .. discovery of the bird flu on an iowa turkey farm has raised serious concerns that the bird killer could find its way into chicken barns in the nation 's top egg-producing state and rapidly decimate the flocks that provide the u.s. with its breakfast staple. the confirmation means up to 5.3 million hens there must be destroyed in a state that produces one in every five eggs consumed in the country .. seven other midwestern states have also been hit by the virus , dooming nearly 7.8 million turkeys and chickens since march .. the virulent strain in question is the h5n2 , a highly contagious virus that kills commercial poultry quickly once it gets into a barn .. yet the risk to the public is considered low and infected birds are being kept out of the food supply .. so far , only two egg operations have been hit -- the one in iowa and one in wisconsin .. except for a couple of backyard flocks , all the other cases in the midwest have been at commercial turkey farms .. minnesota has had 28 turkey farms hit , far more than any other state .. turkey farm : in this photo provided by bethany hahn is a flock of turkeys at a minnesota poultry farm .. the country 's poultry industry may have to live with a deadly bird flu strain for several years according to the u.s. department of agriculture. precautions : most commercial poultry barns are shut tight to keep the diseases out , and poultry farms with good biosecurity strictly limit who is allowed in - but is does not always protect poultry from bird flu. officials say that 's because minnesota is the top turkey-producing state , and its thousands of lakes and ponds are attractive to migrating ducks and other waterfowl .. h5n2 and other highly pathogenic strains have also been found since late last year among wild birds , backyard flocks and commercial farms in some western states and british columbia .. u.s. department of agriculture officials say the virus could be a problem for several years .. the usda 's chief veterinary officer , dr. john clifford , said last week that while new cases should drop close to zero once the weather warms up and kills off the virus there 's ` very likely ' to be a resurgence this fall when the wild waterfowl that are natural carriers of avian influenza fly south for the winter .. an outbreak that kills tens of thousands of birds certainly can cost a farm dearly .. the government does n't compensate producers for birds that die of the disease itself , but it does reimburse them for birds that have to be euthanized as a precaution .. that gives farmers an incentive to report suspected outbreaks and deal with them swiftly .. outbreaks do not always drive up the cost of turkey eggs and chicken as the toll nationwide represents just a small part of u.s. production .. hormel foods corp. , which owns jennie-o , said monday that it will sell less turkey this year because of the outbreaks .. turkey prices around the holidays often have nothing to do with the costs of production .. retailers often sell turkeys at a loss just to draw in customers who 'll stock up on stuffing mix , cranberries , sweet potatoes , pies and other traditional favorites .. however , several precautions have been put in place at farms to control the outbreak and stop the spread of bird flu .. most commercial poultry barns are shut tight to keep the diseases out , and poultry farms with good biosecurity strictly limit who is allowed in .. other precautions include workers often having to shower on their way in and out , wear protective coveralls and step in disinfectant to kill viruses on their boots .. equipment coming in and out is typically sanitized .. but despite these measures , the system does n't always work .. according to experts , the only way it can work is if everyone does everything right all of the time - which can prove difficult .. and if rodents and wild birds sneak into a barn it can bring the virus that way .. farms tend to be extremely diligent at handling bird flu as turkeys die quickly and know how to spit the early warning signs .. less severe symptoms can be similar to colds and flu in humans , or a flock turning quiet .. while vaccines have been used around the world to protect flocks against various bird flu strains ahead of time , this strain is new to north america .. once an infection is confirmed at a farm , all surviving birds on the property are typically killed to prevent it from spreading .. these flocks are usually killed by pumping a water-based foam into the barn , following guidelines from the u.s. department of agriculture .. the foam suffocates the birds within minutes .. if birds die they usually cover them in compost in the same barn where they died .. composting is a widely used and approved method throughout the industry to dispose of dead birds .. it 's thought to be an effective method as the heat generated by composting is enough to kill flu viruses and other pathogens commonly present in poultry such as salmonella .. the compost is then used as fertilizer .
france today voted to punish anyone who ` incites ' people to become dangerously thin with prison and huge fines .. in a drastic step which will be studied closely in britain , mps particularly highlighted the irresponsibility of fashion websites which encourage women to keep their weight as low as possible .. now these ` pro-anorexia ' sites will face a year in prison and a fine equivalent to just over # 7,000 .. deputies in the national assembly in paris voted through the amendment to a law on public health and it is expected to be rubber-stamped by the senate .. unhealthy : french mps have voted to punish anyone who ` incites ' people to become dangerously thin with a year in prison and fines of up to # 7,000 weeks after rejecting a ban on super-skinny models. it singled out those who ` provoke people to excessive thinness by encouraging prolonged dietary restrictions that could expose them to a danger of death , or directly impair their health . '. around 40,000 people suffer from anorexia in france , the vast majority women and teenage girls .. maud olivier and catherine coutelle , the mps who proposed the law , said in a joint statement that ` certain sites known as pro-ana can push people into a vicious circle of anorexia and authorities can not do anything about it . '. they said the new law was not designed to threaten ` freedom of expression on the internet ' , but was a long overdue health reform .. anorexia has one of the highest mortality rates of a psychiatric disorder and is extremely difficult to treat .. in march , mps in france rejected a proposal that would have seen ultra-slim models banned from the fashion runways .. however , the mp behind the planned law has vowed the fight is not over .. at the time , olivier veran said : ' i believe that models should eat well and look after their health .. french socialist politician olivier veran ( pictured ) has vowed to continue the fight to ban ultra-thin models from the catwalk in france. ` this is an important message to young women who see these models as an aesthetic example ' .. he also proposed a new law that punish the ` glorification of anorexia ' , especially online .. france 's national union of modelling agencies ( synam ) , has complained that new laws could harm the competitiveness of french modelling .. a synam statement read : ` french modelling agencies are in permanent competition with their european counterparts .. as a result , a european approach is needed . '. the french legislation comes after countries including spain , italy and brazil have all clamped down on skinny models at catwalk shows .. spain has barred models below a certain body mass index from the madrid fashion shows , while italy has insisted on health certificates for fashion show participants .. and brazil is considering demands to ban underage , underweight models from its catwalks .. medical experts around the world have warned against the dangers of ultra-skinny catwalk models , and images airbrushed to make girls look thinner , which they say encourage anorexia in girls as young as six .. fashion guru giorgio armani said recently that the fashion industry had a duty to ` work together against anorexia ' .. he added : " the industry has to recognise the link between its preference for abnormally thin models and the growth in eating disorders among young women . '. french restaurants are to be banned from offering free fizzy drinks refills to customers .. mps in the national assembly voted to back the measure , which is aimed at cutting down on obesity .. the ban applies to all fizzy drinks sold in places open to the public , whether they are fast food chains , bars , cafés or conventional restaurants .. the amendment to a health bill written by udi mp arnaud richard reads : ` it is the role of the law to fix a framework to protect the population against commercial competition which aims to make something free to entice customers and encourage them to consume unhealthy products excessively . '. it has won the backing of health minister marisol touraine , and public health campaigners worried about increasing obesity in france .. ms touraine said : ` this habit is common in other countries and it is increasingly taking hold in france . '. free refills are the norm in most american restaurants , and were were introduced by quick , one of france 's most popular fast-food chains , last year .. customers are given an empty cup with their food and they are then free to serve themselves from the soda fountains .. kentucky fried chicken restaurants also introduced the marketing ploy .
beijing ( cnn ) a day after the chinese government released five young feminists on bail , their families and supporters expressed mixed emotions on the unexpected development .. wei tingting , wang man , zheng churan , li tingting and wu rongrong were freed from the haidian detention center on the outskirts of beijing late monday .. the five activists on women 's rights -- aged from 25 to 32 -- were picked up by police in three different cities just before march 8 , the international women 's day .. they had been planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation .. " i 'm still speechless and do n't know how to react , " tweeted li 's girlfriend suan xiaola to the couple 's friends upon hearing the news .. " no tears , no ecstasy ... just wondering what we 're going to do next . ". " i ca n't hide my happiness for the women but being released on bail is not the end of their ordeal , " echoed li 's lawyer yan xin on chinese social media .. " without closing their cases , they still ca n't live without shackles -- we 'll have our work cut out for us . ". police had recommended last week that prosecutors press charges of " assembling a crowd to disturb public order , " which carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison .. the women are still considered suspects in an ongoing criminal investigation and may face charges in the future , wu 's lawyer liang xiaojun told cnn .. they will be under surveillance for a year with their movements and activities restricted , and police can summon them for questioning at any time , liang added .. " this should n't be a moment of celebration , " he said .. " the arbitrary detention and release of these women really shows the backwardness of china 's legal system . ". under china 's household registration system , only li is considered a beijing resident .. police sent the other four back to their hometowns , disrupting their work and lives , according to the women 's lawyers .. many have called the five members of women 's rights action group trailblazers .. staging their protests through performance art or flash mobs , they highlighted feminist causes ranging from fighting domestic violence , gender equality at work , to more female public bathrooms -- drawing nationwide attention and even state media praise .. their detention had drawn widespread condemnation , including from the united states .. " each and every one of us has the right to speak out against sexual harassment and the many other injustices that millions of women and girls suffer around the world , " said john kerry , the u.s. secretary of state , in a statement friday .. " we strongly support the efforts of these activists to make progress on these challenging issues , and we believe that chinese authorities should also support them , not silence them . ". kerry 's predecessor hillary clinton -- a longtime champion of women 's rights who just announced her bid for the u.s. presidency -- called the jailing of the feminists " inexcusable " on twitter , joining the " free the five " hashtag campaign .. china had rejected all international criticisms , insisting it 's a country ruled by law and that its judicial sovereignty be respected .. supporters of the woman activists , however , sense the chilling effect of their ordeal on china 's nascent civil society , as the ruling communist party under president xi jinping continues to tighten its grip over the country .. " of course people will feel more afraid , " said wei 's lawyer wang qiushi .. " women 's rights is among the most politically correct issues in china -- now even those who took up that cause ended up in jail . "
a rare black flamingo amazed bird watchers when it was spotted feeding among a group of the traditionally pink birds in cyprus .. the migratory bird was spotted at a salt lake near the british raf base at akrotiri on the island 's south coast close to the resort city of limassol .. normally , the graceful birds have a pink hue caused by the levels of beto-carotene in their diet .. ruffling feathers : the unusual black flamingo was spotted near the coastal city of limassol on cyprus by birdwatchers. alexia perdiou , the base 's assistant environment officer , said it could be one-of-a-kind .. ` of course we are all very excited because we believe it could be the only flamingo of its kind in the world and very little is known about it , ' she said .. ` we are expecting a lot of visitors over the next few days . '. a black flamingo was reportedly last spotted in israel in 2014 and aside from its colour , it is no different to the hundreds of pink flamingos which flock to the salt lakes of cyprus every spring .. experts believe a rare genetic irregularity known as " melanism " can generate more melanin than usual , turning a flamingo 's feathers a dark colour .. migrating : the bird looked very healthy despite its unusual hue and is believed to be heading to turkey to breed. martin hellicar of the conservation group birdlife cyprus said the black-coloured flamingo was not unique , though acknowledged they were uncommon in the mediterranean .. he said it was probably migrating to its breeding area in turkey after spending the winter elsewhere .. he added that the flamingo stopped on its journey in the salt lake to feed on brine shrimp .
attorneys for two sides agree that in april 1995 , a 24-year-old man who had been pointed out by a southern california college student as her rapist had his truck rear-ended before he was kidnapped , brutally beaten and killed .. where they differ is on the role of now-45-year-old gianni van in the murder of gonzalo ramirez , whose blindfolded , bloodied body was found on the side of a road .. at the opening of his trial wednesday , prosecutors said van was enraged after his ex-girlfriend norma patricia esparza told him ramirez had raped her and he must be held responsible for the attack .. she 's expected to testify thursday .. accused : gianni van , 45 , ( left ) is accused of the 1995 murder of f gonzalo ramirez ( right ) , whose blindfolded , bloodied body was found on the side of an irvine , california road having suffered 30 blows with a cleaver. van 's lawyer said his client had no knowledge of the plan to harm ramirez and was threatened that he would suffer a similar fate if he snitched on a friend and friend 's employee who carried out the killing .. the case has drawn international attention since esparza -- who went on to become a psychology professor and moved to france -- was arrested in 2012 , provoking an outcry from sexual assault victim advocates who say the case sends a chilling message to rape survivors .. during opening statements , senior deputy district attorney mike murray showed graphic photos of ramirez 's blindfolded , mangled body lying on the side of the road in a pool of blood .. ` gonzalo ramirez was targeted , and he was targeted by somebody who was going to make sure he suffered , ' murray said .. ` whether norma esparza was sexually assaulted or not , for our purposes today , does n't matter .. what matters is she told the defendant that . '. prosecutors say van killed ramirez as revenge for raping his on-and-off girlfriend norma esparza ( pictured ) .. esparza and van allegedly entered into a sham marriage before van 's original arrest for the crime .. esparza could not be forced to testify and van was released .. they divorced and esparza went on to become a psychology professor in france and the mother of a little girl. arrested : in 2012 , esparza was arrested in connection to the slaying when she re-entered the united states for an academic conference. prosecutors say ramirez was taken to the transmission shop of his friend kody tran , where he was blindfolded , chained up and beaten .. they say he was found having suffered 30 blows from a meat cleaver , reports the orange county register .. the prosecution alleges van was aided by tran and tran 's wife diane tran as well as tran 's employee shannon gries .. his body was found dumped on the side of a road in irvine .. ` it was beyond horrific , ' murray said .. ` it was the act of an incredibly angry man ... the defendant was out of his mind with anger . '. ` he felt that he had been violated , ' murray said of van .. van is charged with murder during the commission of a kidnapping .. if convicted , he could get life in prison without the possibility of parole .. kody tran died when he killed himself in an unrelated july 2013 standoff with police .. his wife diane has taken a plea deal and was expected to testify against van .. shannon gries still faces murder charges .. after the killing , van and esparza -- who had been questioned by police -- entered into a sham marriage to avoid prosecution , murray said .. while van was arrested in 1996 , he was released because esparza could not be forced to testify against her husband , he said .. esparza 's husband , jorge mancillas , had said at a 2013 news conference that his wife had confided in van about the rape and he took matters into his own hands .. the prosecution alleges van was aided by his friend kody tran ( center ) and tran 's wife diane tran ( right ) as well as tran 's employee shannon gries ( left ) .. kody tran killed himself during an unrelated standoff with police in 2013 .. diane tran has taken a plea deal and will testify against van .. shannon gries awaits trial on murder charges. van 's lawyer , jeremy dolnick , said his client knew nothing of the plans to kidnap or kill ramirez but was shown his severely beaten body strung up by chains at tran 's auto transmission shop and warned he would face the same fate if he ever snitched .. ` he did n't ask anyone to kill anyone .. he never had homicidal thoughts of revenge , ' dolnick told jurors , adding that van had confided in tran about esparza 's rape and that tran and gries took matters into their own hands .. esparza , 40 , is now the mother of a little girl .. she pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter in an agreement with prosecutors last year .. she is expected to receive a six-year sentence in exchange for testifying at the trials of van and another defendant .. a fourth defendant also pleaded guilty in a deal with prosecutors .. plea : esparza , here in 2013 , claims she was coerced by van into pointing out her rapist in 1995 .. she is expected to receive a 6-year sentence after testifying that van murdered ramirez
from bear testicles and tiger paws to crocodile jaws and snake heads , these are just some of the bizarre animal parts being sold in china 's so-called medicine markets .. traditional chinese medicine ( tcm ) claims all manner of ailments including back ache , poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world .. it is often believed that the more endangered the animal is , the greater the healing affect it will have .. such wisdom is widespread in guangzhou , where markets stock exotic and rare animals destined for restaurant menus , pharmacists and pet cages .. however , a movement of fledgling organisations such as the south china nature society , run by student conservationists , is challenging centuries of tradition by trying to change consumer appetites in the country .. snapped up : customers purchase a crocodile head at hunagsha market .. the head is commonly used in soups .. in traditional chinese medicine , it is believed that crocodile meat can treat lung illnesses and improve memory. jaws-dropping : a selection of shark fins for sale at haizu mjarket .. a single great white shark fin can fetch up to $ 1,000 ( # 700 ). unappetising : a bear penis and testicles for sale at qingping market .. in traditional chinese medicine ( tcm ) , it is considered to be a potent aphrodisiac .. with a history of more than 2,000 years , tcm has acquired a list in excess of 1,500 animals , many of which are endangered. sensitive issue : a tiger penis , which is considered to be a potent aphrodisiac , for sale at qingping market .. china 's appetite for endangered wildlife and the 2,000-year practice of traditional chinese medicine is the main catalyst behind the world 's third-largest illicit trade. guangzhou is the richest and most powerful city in southern china , with a keen taste for exotic animals and plants , seen as extreme even in other regions of china .. the main reason for this is 2,000-year-old traditional chinese medicine that lists curative qualities in thousands of rare and exotic animals , such as the sumatran tiger .. the pursuit of these traditions is the driving force behind the $ 20 billion ( # 13bn ) illegal wildlife network , the worlds third largest elicit trade , surpassed only by arms and drugs .. the network activity intensifies in south east asia home to rich biodiversity , well developed transport infrastructures , high profit margins and lax law enforcement , a haven for wildlife smugglers .. vietnamese authorities recently seized a record haul of smuggled wildlife including two tons of tiger bones , bear paws and gall bladders .. brutal @ crocodile farmers prepare to remove live organs from an illegally traded vietnamese crocodile .. there are an estimated 6,000 illegally traded crocodiles in guangzhou 's ` legal ' crocodile farms. barbaric : an illegally traded vietnamese crocodile lays in a pool of blood , while crocodile farmers remove live organs. illict trade : crocodile farmers prepare illegally traded vietnamese crocodiles for shipment to various markets and restaurants. a dozen crocodile tails at huangsha restaurant .. it is believed that crocodile meat can treat lung illnesses and improve memory. the destination was china where tiger bones can fetch up to $ 70,000 ( # 50,000 ) .. one may of thought that the rise of guangzhou 's economy and subsequent education would have reduced the consumption of endangered animals , but quite the opposite .. rising incomes have allowed more consumers to indulge in exotic foods once considered exclusive delicacies for the rich .. the consumption of these endangered animals have now become a symbol of guangzhou 's new wealth .. a recent poll taken in guangzhou found that half the population had eaten wildlife , with snake being named as the favorite of half of those surveyed .. a popular saying has it that people in guangzhou will eat anything with fours legs accept a chair , anything that flies accept a plane and anything in water except a boat .. the greatest defense of animal rights to date was during the sars outbreak in 2003 when consumption dropped due to public fears about the risk of contracting sars from wild animals .. an illegally traded cobra is killed and prepared in front of customers at the panyu restaurant. an illegally traded cobra is prepared in front of customers at the water snake restaurant .. the restaurant is a popular haunt for government officials when closing important business deals .. snake blood is considered an aphrodisiac and the meat good for vision and the lower spine. dried snakes at qingping market .. in traditional chinese medicine , snake meat is said to be good for vision and the lower spine. the demand for civet cats decreased so much that 141 farms released 4,000 of the animals into the wild .. bird flu later added to this concerns .. in recent years , consumption has recovered .. in the latest line of defense stands , the south china nature society ( scns ) , a young band of four university graduate conservationists .. established in february 2008 by feng minghe under the guidance of ngo - green eyes china , scns faces the mammoth task of challenging centuries of chinese wisdom in an international hub of exotic wildlife trade .. ` our key objective is to raise awareness and educate consumers on the impact of their consumption .. we hope that targeting the next generation will reduce future demand ' , explains feng .. raising awareness and educating consumers takes a number of forms .. the group organises various workshops and lectures in the local guangzhou 's universities .. each month , they co-ordinate field investigation among the city 's live market and record the number of protected species .. a tiger farmer attempts to sell a bengal tiger paw for $ 3,000 ( # 2,000 ) in the qingping area of guangzhou .. the global population of tigers has been reduced by 95 per cent as a result of hunting and poaching for their body parts , which are used in traditional chinese medicine. a seller weighs a tiger claw for a customer .. the global population of tigers has been reduced by 95 per cent as a result of hunting and poaching for their body parts , which are used in traditional chinese medicine. their findings are reported to the authorities and published on the scns and green eyes websites .. on recent visits to the city 's notorious live animal markets of qingping and huadiwan , scns identified a wealth of protected animals from koala bears to crocodiles to great white sharks .. sun , a veteran snake seller at qingping , said the market sell fewer protected species than before because many animals are near extinction and government checks are tighter .. however , he did admit to selling endangered species ` under the table ' including cobra .. ` the demand here is so great if i did n't sell it then someone else would , people will always buy , ' he said .. a customer inspects an endangered western-painted turtle at qingping market .. it is illegal to breed endangered turtles for commercial gain , however there are 600million turtles in farms throughout china .. turtle meat is believed to cure cancer. a red-eared slider turtle tries to escape from its net at huangsha market .. it is believed that the turtle can confer wisdom , health and longevity. a sign advertising critically endangered big-headed turtles for sale .. there are 99 species of turtles traded in guangzhou alone .. turtles are used in a wide range of applications from pets and ornaments to food and medicine. the nearby water snake restaurant , a popular haunt for government officials , illegally offer cobra .. ` it 's 200 yuan ( # 21 ) per kilo , we get it from the wild , ' a waiter said .. in march , scns scored a major victory by protesting outside a guangzhou restaurant in which was holding a nurse shark in a tiny tank in which it could barely move .. banners reading ` no consuming , no killing ' in english and chinese , caught widespread media coverage from local news channels .. in the end , the shark was released to a local marine park .. zheng ying yuan , from scns said : ` we are still a very young organisation but we are moving in the right direction .. but , with 15 million people and 2,000 years of history real changes are going to take time . '. caged iguanas shortly before being freed by members of south china nature society which is campaigning to stop
the wife of a suburban los angeles mayor who was shot in his home pleaded not guilty thursday to voluntary manslaughter .. lyvette crespo , 43 , entered the plea to a grand jury indictment .. she was ordered held on $ 150,000 bail and could face up to 21 years in state prison if convicted .. crespo shot bell gardens mayor daniel crespo three times in the chest on september 30 .. the killing came after the late mayor 's years of domestic abuse , the widow claims .. however , the late crespo 's brother says those claims are all a lie and that he has evidence proving mrs. crespo is a cold-blooded killer .. indicted : lyvette crespo ( right ) allegedly shot her husband , bell gardens , california mayor daniel crespo ( left ) , in september during a heated argument about his infidelity .. she 's now been indicted on charges of voluntary manslaughter. the crespos were high school sweethearts .. mrs. crespo claims her husband had become increasingly abusive in the months leading to his death .. she says she shot him after he punched their son , who 'd tried intervening during an argument. in text messages that brother , william crespo , provided to the la times , mrs. crespo appears to have threatened to shoot her husband at least once before doing the deed .. ` i 'll find out who ... u got flowers for .. has to be a bell gardens wh *** , ' reads a message from lyvette to her husband .. mr. crespo replied : ` it better last time u threaten to shoot me in head !!! '. in a civil suit filed against lyvette on behalf of his mother , william crespo has asked for more than $ 53 million in damages for the death of his brother , who he says was killed ` with malice and in cold blood , ' by mrs. crespo .. crespo has told authorities it was self-defense after he punched their 19-year-old son in the face after he intervened in the couple 's argument .. counter claim : daniel crespo 's brother william ( pictured ) says his ex sister-in-law 's claims are all lies and that she killed her husband in cold blood. broken family : in this file photo , attorney claudia osuna holds a photo of the crespo family - from top left to bottom right , bell gardens , calif. , mayor daniel crespo , his daughter crystal , his wife lyvette and son daniel crespo jr. .. daniel crespo jr. called 911 to report the shooting , telling a dispatcher : ` he 's on the floor dying .. daniel crespo , a los angeles county deputy probation officer , was elected in 2001 to the city council of bellflower , a city of about 42,000 residents .. the mayor 's position rotated among council members .. he and his wife were high school sweethearts and married as teenagers in 1986 .. however , the autopsy report contained allegations by a daughter , crystal crespo , that her father had been verbally and physically abusive toward her mother over two decades .. she said the abuse had become more physical in recent years because of arguments over daniel crespo 's infidelity , but it was never reported and never left serious injuries .. daniel crespo 's brother , william crespo , has denied the abuse allegations .. the mayor 's mother filed a $ 53 million lawsuit last fall in which she calls crespo a ` cold-blooded killer ' who picked a fight with her husband knowing their son would intervene .. mayor daniel crespo , pictured with daughter chrystal , allegedly told his brother william there was another woman
a beautiful sunny evening and i am having a drink in the garden with friends .. all is right with the world , apart from one thing -- my head is itching horribly .. without thinking , i scratch behind my ear , then near the crown , before my fingers move to my neck -- where i can feel a smattering of small bites .. i do n't just want to scratch , i want to rake my nails across my scalp and draw blood .. feelings of well-being evaporate and my stomach lurches .. i edge away from my unsuspecting friends .. daisy goodwin has has problems with head lice since she was 19 and says she has suffered with them almost 100 times since then. i make my excuses and sneak inside to scrape my hair into a ponytail .. i am desperate for my guests to leave so i can take out my nit lotion and special comb to get rid of the varmits .. through the bathroom window , i can see my teenage daughter laughing with a couple of friends , all of them shaking their glossy , waist-length hair .. my eyes narrow , those flowing locks are the enemy -- a breeding ground for the bane of my life : pediculus humanus capitis , or head lice ( a nit is the egg sac laid by the female louse on the hair shaft of their human hosts ) .. i have had nits at least 100 times .. never as a child , but as an adult it has been one infestation after another .. i should stress i wash my hair pretty much every day and have no other body-borne parasites , such as fleas -- but my scalp is el dorado for lice .. my first experience was at 19 when i was studying at cambridge .. i had just been home , visiting my two sisters who were still at primary school .. a week later i was sitting in the university library opposite a boy i had a crush on .. our eyes met , he smiled , i grinned back then scratched my head .. i heard something hit the paper i was taking notes on , and there on the page of white a4 was an object the size of an eyelash , with six wriggling legs .. dais ( pictured as a child ) says she was never affected by head lice when she was younger , only getting them for the first time when she was 19. it was my first sighting of a live louse .. i ran to the nearest chemist and doused my head with the industrial-strength chemicals that were then usual treatment for nits .. i did n't tell anyone , i was too embarrassed , but made sure the next time i saw my sisters i kept them at arm 's length .. i do n't know if the boy in the library saw the nit fall from my head -- in my memory it was the size of a small mouse -- but somehow i never found myself sitting opposite him again .. in retrospect , i think he may have been giving me a wide berth .. after a few nit-free years in my early 20s , my relationship with the parasites resumed when i became a mother .. it 's a rite of passage for most parents of primary school children .. the note comes home with them in the homework folder , announcing that nits have been found in the class and would parents please check their children 's heads for the critters and treat them accordingly ?. easier said than done , as nits are masters of disguise -- it takes 20:20 vision or a very high-powered magnifying glass to spot a live one .. it 's much easier to pinpoint the eggs , tell-tale white flecks that cling to the hair shaft .. daisy ( pictured ) was lucky to have a few nit-free years in her early twenties but did n't escape the parasites entirely as they returned when she had children. my eldest daughter began school in 1996 , and a nit invasion swiftly followed .. they leapt with enthusiasm from her head to mine , and back again -- completely ignoring the head of my husband -- leading me to spend a small fortune on louse-busting treatments .. this sector of the pharmaceutical market is worth # 185 million a year in the uk , and i know why .. as those who have experienced it know , nit-combing is the closest most mums get to being a gorilla , grooming its offspring for fleas .. when my daughters were young ( they are now 24 and 14 ) i would regularly grab them by their lustrous locks and scrutinise their scalps for those tiny flecks .. ` oh mum , ' they would complain , ` lay off , there 's nothing there . '. i had seen the scratching and i could feel the prickle on my own scalp .. their heads and mine were five-star hotels for head lice and no sooner had i eliminated one nit invasion , another would follow .. daisy ( pictured as a child ) says you can win the battle with headlice but you can never win the war. nits are the forth bridge of infestations , no sooner have you spent a good half-day combing the hair of a wriggling eight-year-old , than you have to do it all over again , and again and again .. i have tried everything , and i mean everything to get rid of them .. chemicals , suffocation , endless combing -- there was even a point where i made my daughters put on hats when they came home from school so i would n't get them .. but there is no way to avoid them .. the only thing i have n't done is to shave their heads -- or mine .. you can win the battle against head lice with nit combs and conditioner and weekly combings , but you can never , ever win the war .. relax your vigilance for a millisecond and they are back .. christmas is peak time for nits in my experience -- all that conviviality is party-time for the critters .. over the past ten years , i must have spent at least five festive mornings hovering over my daughters with a nit comb , squeaking with horror as i extract yet another fat troublesome specimen from their hair .. pretty much every foreign holiday i have taken in 15 years has involved one shaming incident where i have to mime the action of headlice in a foreign chemist 's shop -- in italy they are called pidocchi , in germany , kopflause .. what the thai word for them is i do not know , but i do know that scratching your head in a bangkok chemist will give you some pretty powerful stuff .. i once missed a new year 's eve party in france because the local pharmacist told me to douse my head in olive oil overnight and then wash it off with coca-cola .. desperate for a solution , i followed her advice and ended up with hedgehog hair that took a week to return to normal .. the worst experience was a holiday in ireland with my best friend who has a head of expensively highlighted hair .. after a week with me and my daughters , her head started to itch .. the only remedy available in the pharmacy at schull , co cork , was so pungent it turned her ash tints a dull green .. we are still friends -- just .. i thought that when my second daughter left primary school four-and-a-half years ago my nit ordeal would end , but no -- it appears head lice are just as virulent among teens as they are among younger children .. my nephews and nieces have become resigned to their aunt doing a quick once over when they visit -- if i could install the head lice equivalent of a sheep dip , believe me i would .. daisy ( pictured ) thought she was safe when her youngest daughter left primary school but it seems that headlice are just as virulent among teens as they are among younger children. when my daughters were young , i would quite often have a quick snoop over the scalps of their visiting friends just to check .. sadly , that is n't an option with teenagers -- peering at adolescent scalps is a human rights issue .. understandably , i have accumulated quite a bit of knowledge about nits in my near 30-year relationship with them .. i have discovered , for example , that not many grown men seem to get them .. could that be a hormonal thing or is it because men do n't get down with the kids as much as women ( nits ca n't fly but they can jump downwards , so you never want to sit below a potentially nit-infested child ) .. in new york , the louse-infested head straight to the nit pickers of crown heights -- hasidic jews who comb every hair until they have eliminated them .. over here , there is a thriving service called the hairforce , which will come to your house and de-infest the whole family .. but it 's not cheap ( close to # 1,500 for a family of four , including two home visits ) and if you get them as often as i do , you would be bankrupt .. according to richard j. pollack , the only failsafe solution is to avoid all physical contact with other people as the nits can only jump a very short distance from head-to-head. my only comfort has been assuming that my attractiveness to head lice is something to do with having super-powerful feminine pheromones , which made me irresistible to both men and the pesky pediculus genus .. yet according to richard j. pollack , senior environmental public health officer at harvard university , that is not the case .. head lice do not discriminate , he insists : ` scalp hair is a prerequisite .. being alive is another -- they wo n't infest corpses .. head lice only infest human beings . '. pollack says regular infestation in adults is rare , happening in less than 1 per cent of cases .. his website , identify.us.com , has all the latest research on nits .. but even he ca n't explain why i 'm a nit magnet .. the only failsafe solution , he says , is to avoid all physical contact with other people ; nits can only jump a very short distance from head-to-head .. of course , now i have told the world about my nit problem , that might not be a problem !
( cnn ) seven people -- including illinois state university associate men 's basketball coach torrey ward and deputy athletic director aaron leetch -- died when their small plane crashed while heading back from the ncaa tournament final .. the aircraft went down overnight monday about 2 miles east of the central illinois regional airport in bloomington , mclean county sheriff 's office sgt. bill tate said .. that 's about 5 miles from the campus of illinois state , where ward and leetch both worked .. it was not immediately known who else was on the aircraft , which the national transportation safety board tweeted was a cessna 414 .. the plane was coming back from the ncaa final four championship game in indianapolis , according to illinois state athletics spokesman john twork .. " the isu community is reeling from the loss , " twork said .. the last post from a twitter account that purportedly belongs to ward features pictures from lucas oil stadium , where duke beat wisconsin in the title game .. there 's also a picture of a small plane with the words , " my ride to the game was n't bad #indy2015f4 . ". in a statement , illinois state university president larry dietz remembered ward and leetch as " well-respected and much-loved colleagues in our athletics department " in the crash near bloomington .. " words can not fully express the grief that is felt in the wake of such a tragedy , " dietz said .. " we move between shock and profound sadness . ". a standout player at the university of alabama at birmingham in his hometown between 1996 and 2000 , ward played professionally in china alongside yao ming before getting into coaching .. he was part of the staffs at jacksonsville state university , the university of mississippi and , for one year , in china before coming to illinois state as an assistant prior to the 2012 season .. he was promoted to associate head coach in may 2014 , according to his official bio .. coming from arkansas state university , leetch joined isu in 2005 as an athletic director for development before assuming a number of other roles through 2011 , his bio notes .. leetch left the illinois school to serve as director of athletics at whitworth university in spokane , washington , then came back in june 2013 as isu 's deputy director of athletics .. he was in charge of the redbirds ' athletics communications and video production units , and had a hands-on role in its football , men 's basketball , golf and baseball programs .. athletic director larry lyons described leetch as " a shining star in the business , " while lauding ward as " a talented coach and recruiter " with a big personality who was loved by fans .. " there is no play in the playbook for times like these , " lyons said .. " we will miss aaron and torrey deeply , and we will support their families in any way that we can . ". people we 've lost in 2015
the family of tracey woodford ( above ) , whose body was found dismembered in a flat in pontypridd , wales , have described her as ` very kind-hearted ' and ` selfless '. a man has been charged in connection with the murder of a woman who was found dismembered at a flat in south wales .. christopher may , 50 , will appear at pontypridd magistrates ' court tomorrow charged in connection with the murder of tracey woodford , 47 .. today , her family described her as ` very kind-hearted ' and ` selfless ' .. ms woodford , from the pontypridd area , is believed to have been attacked in woodland in pontypridd on tuesday before being taken back to the property of a man she is thought to have left a town centre pub with , police said .. the 47-year-old 's body was discovered with ` massive injuries ' at the flat around 3pm on friday afternoon , prompting police to launch a murder investigation .. her family today paid tribute to ms woodford , who was last seen by them around 12.45 pm on april 21 in rhydyfelin .. they said : ` tracey was liked and loved by all of her family and friends .. she was very kind-hearted and a selfless person who would go out of her way to help anyone .. ` tracey was a gentle person who would not hurt anyone and she will be dearly missed by all who knew her .. ` we are thankful for all the support we have received to date . '. they added that they would like everyone to respect their wishes for privacy and leave them alone to grieve .. ms woodford was reported missing on wednesday and her body was discovered after police received information she was with a man at the skinny dog pub for around two hours that night .. she is believed to have left the premises with him .. a police spokesman said : ` police officers then visited the suspect 's address and , following a search of the property , discovered a body .. the suspect was arrested on suspicion of murder . '. her body was discovered with ` massive injuries ' at the property ( above ) around 3pm on friday afternoon , prompting police to launch a murder investigation. an officer stands guard near a trailer covered with blue tarpaulin .. detective superintendent paul hurley described the events surrounding ms woodford 's death as ` tragic '. she was reported missing on wednesday and her body was discovered after police received information she was with a man at the skinny dog pub ( above ) for around two hours the night before. after discovering the body police cordoned off an area surrounding nearby pontypridd rugby club 's sardis road stadium and officers were seen searching the undergrowth .. at least four south wales police vans and one helicopter took part in the operation .. a spokesman for south wales police said officers were waiting for the results of further forensic tests to determine the cause of ms woodford 's death .. ` officers investigating the incident are continuing their appeal for witnesses , ' the force spokesman said .. ms woodford is around 5ft 7 inches tall with shoulder length ginger hair .. she was wearing a black cardigan at the time she was last seen .. detective superintendent paul hurley described the events surrounding ms woodford 's death as ` tragic ' .. in a press conference he said : ` the events have had a profound effect on her family and the wider community , especially given the harrowing circumstances of her death .. ` there are well established communities in the south wales valleys .. i know those communities will rally around tracey 's family . '. police have cordoned off an area surrounding pontypridd rugby club , near to where the body was found. a 50-year-old man was arrested after police found the body at a property in pontypridd .. above , an officer and a sniffer dog search nearby. he added that police want to speak to anybody who thinks they may have information that can help the investigation .. they are particularly interested in those who noticed anything suspicious near andrews court , rickards street , or near the rugby ground .. ` no matter how insignificant the information may seem , we would like people to contact us , ' he said .. ` we have a team of detectives and the support of specialist resources working on this inquiry and while we understand it will alarm the community , this is an isolated incident and we do have somebody in custody . '. police are now appealing for anyone with information to come forward .. above , an officer near the scene. neighbours at the flat complex are shocked at the latest updates .. one said : ` it is just too shocking to think about .. you dread to think about that poor woman and what she went through '. neighbours at the flat complex are shocked at the latest updates .. one said : ` it is just too shocking to think about .. you dread to think about that poor woman and what she went through . '. another added : ` tracey had her problems over the years but she was loved by her family .. no-one deserves to die like this .. it does n't bear thinking about . '. reverend michael gable , a local vicar , also paid tribute .. he said : ` it 's a tragic situation .. the community will be upset and concerned by this news .. we send our thoughts and prayers to those involved . '. anyone with information should contact the incident room by calling south wales police on 101 , quoting reference 140670 or crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 .. sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .
a driver has miraculously survived a horror smash after his car hurtled into a wall , flipped over and left him trapped under the weight of the vehicle .. his jeans were left on the underside of the red car after firefighters spent 25 minutes to free the man .. the man , believed to be in his 20s , suffered head and chest injuries , as well as suspected leg fractures , but remained conscious during the efforts to cut him free .. medics say he was fortunate to still be alive given the severity of the crash .. a picture of the ruined car taken by showed the victim 's navy blue jeans still caught on the wreckage. an ambulance , paramedic area support officer , community paramedic and the warwickshire and northamptonshire air ambulance attended the scene in southam , warwickshire .. two fire engines from warwickshire fire and rescue service also helped at the scene of the collision for about 45 minutes .. a west midlands ambulance spokesman said : ` on arrival , crews discovered a car on its roof that had suffered significant damage following a collision with a brick wall and street furniture .. ` the man was conscious throughout but mechanically trapped as a result of the collision .. ` crews worked closely with the fire service to free the man from the vehicle , a process which took approximately 25 minutes .. ` he was treated for multiple injuries , including to his head , chest and pelvis .. he had also suffered suspected fractures to his sternum and leg .. ` the man was fully immobilised with the use of a scoop stretcher and pelvic splint and given pain relief before being air lifted to university hospital coventry and warwickshire .. ` given the nature of the collision and the amount of injuries sustained , the man is fortunate to be alive .. ` high praise goes to our community paramedic who was first on scene having started work early to respond to the incident and begin treating the patient as soon as possible . '. firefighters spent 25 minutes trying to free the man from the car using clan lucas cutting equipment and glass stabilisation pack. a warwickshire fire and rescue service spokesman added : ` at 7.48 am , a call was received to a road traffic collision involving one car that had overturned on the leamington road , southam .. ` two fire engines were mobilised to the incident , one from southam and one from leamington spa .. ` upon arrival fire fighters found one vehicle overturned on the roadway .. ` one person was physically and medically trapped .. fire crews freed the casualty using clan lucas cutting equipment and glass stabilisation pack .. ` police , ambulance and air ambulance attended .. ` the casualty was placed in the care of the ambulance and conveyed to hospital by air ambulance .. fire crews were detained about 45 minutes . '
a georgia woman is speaking out about her refusal to follow doctors ' advice and pull the plug on her husband of just seven months following a devastating motorcycle crash .. danielle davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband brian in 2011 , just seven months after they were married . '. i knew that god could get us through that , ' she said , in an interview at the couple 's georgetown home tuesday . '. i did n't think that it was too big for god . '. tragic : danielle davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband brian in 2011 , just seven months after they were married when he was involved in a near fatal motorcycle crash. davis tells wtoc that doctors told her they would have chosen to pull the plug had they been in her position .. ` that 's what they 'd want their family to do , ' she recalls hearing them say .. but she refused to give up and brian was eventually released into her care .. weeks went by and one day , miraculously , brian spoke .. ` i 'm trying , ' he told her .. danielle would soon come to the painful conclusion that brian had no idea she was his wife .. brian tells wtoc that he also had no clue his father was dead or that he 'd been married to begin with .. three years had been wiped from his memory for good .. though , finding out danielle was his wife was a happy moment among many struggles . '. i saw her , and i was like , ` yeah , " he recalls .. hopeless : brian 's motorcycle was split in two and doctors initially urged his wife to take him off life support. danielle refused to give up on brian and took him into her full time care as he was still bedridden and hooked to a feeding tube. miracle : eventually , brian started to improve and miraculously spoke the words ` i 'm trying ' one day weeks after danielle took him home with dismal prospects. now , he and danielle work on his rehabilitation daily and use yoga to help him sharpen his mind and regain control of his body .. while danielle is thrilled that brian has improved to the point he no longer requires medications , she says on a gofundme page started for the cause that the couple is too strapped to pay for all the rehabilitative care brian still requires .. and insurance will no longer cover it .. ` people with traumatic brain injury need a lot of rehab , people continue to make improvements even 10 years after their injury , ' she writes .. ` insurance does n't pay for the amount of therapy they need so often times that person does n't reach their full potential . '. thankfully , after just one month , the fundraiser has received some $ 11,000 in donations .. as brian continues to make great strides , most recently with his commitment to learning to walk the way he once did , he wants others to know how good they 've got it .. ` people do n't realize how much they can actually do with their bodies , ' he said .. ` they take it for granted . '. improvements : now danielle says brian is improving all the time and has gone from requiring 20 medications per day to requiring none
manchester united will have to wear nike kit during their summer tour of the us , despite their world-record deal with adidas .. the club are expected to jet across the atlantic in july for a trip of around 12 days , which would have been an ideal opportunity to showcase their new gear following their # 750m , 10-year agreement .. however , their existing deal with nike runs until the end of july and sportsmail understands there is no buy-out agreement that would allow the club to exit the agreement early has been agreed .. manchester united will have to wear nike kit during their summer us tour , despite their new adidas deal. wayne rooney and co are expected to jet across the atlantic in july but will have to wear their old kit. adidas are the new sponsors in a # 750million deal but there is no buy-out clause in nike deal that ends in july. ryan giggs is pictured in an adidas shirt , the barclays premier league side last wore adidas shirts in 1992. that means that unless united remain in america until august 1 - a week before the start of the season - fans will have to wait to see the new kit while their team continues in what will effectively be an old ensemble .. as reported on wednesday , the tour will be shorter than last year 's epic trek across the country and is likely to be confined to the west coast thanks to input from manager louis van gaal .. the dutchman , who pays ferocious attention to detail , vowed that a repeat of last summer would not happen again on his watch and believes to this day that the effects of the pre-season schedule cost his side dearly when the real action started .. louis van gaal has had a big input on united 's pre-season plans , restricting the us tour to just 12 days. van gaal believes the extensive tour last year hampered united and it will now be restricted to the west coast. united traditionally stage a pre-season friendly at old trafford and august 1 would seem a logical choice. united traditionally stage a pre-season friendly at old trafford and august 1 would seem a logical choice .. they faced valencia last year and sevilla in 2013 although the olympics prevented such a fixture taking place in 2012 .. officials like a test run to ensure new equipment is working and to allow new staff to get used to a matchday operation at old trafford .
us aviation authorities have launched an investigation to find out whether a plane dumped toilet paper and plastic objects all over a neighbourhood in a pennsylvania town .. several properties were littered with debris that appeared to fall out of the sky over the town of west pittston in luzerne county on monday morning .. residents believe the rubbish came from the lavatory holding tank of a plane flying overhead , and have complained to the federal aviation administration ( faa ) .. paula viccica believes the debris that landed on her property was expelled from a plane flying overhead. the bulk of the debris landed in the well-kept front garden and trees at the home of paula viccica .. she told the wilkes-barre/scranton times leader that she saw pieces of white paper fluttering down from the sky for several minutes .. she told the newspaper that local airport officials identified four planes flying overhead around the time she made the discovery .. while no human waste was discovered , her 13-year-old daughter , tori , said there was an odour to the debris after it landed in the garden .. the homeowner complained to aviation authorities and wants assurance that it does not pose a danger. paula told the times leader : ` beyond aesthetics , i 'm concerned with safety .. i want our property to be cleaned up and assurance that it does not pose a danger to anyone . '. other residents in the neighbourhood , about 115 miles north of philadelphia , were surprised to learn about the discovery .. resident michael reiher told newswatch 16 : ` that 's nuts .. i mean , a plane drops stuff out of the sky and onto a yard ?. the faa said lavatory waste is contained in a holding tank that can only be opened from the outside. i have never seen something like that before . '. on its website , the faa said it investigates all reports , but pointed out that it is ` very rare for anything to fall from an aircraft ' .. it said lavatory waste is contained in a holding tank until a plane lands , and the apparatus to access the tank is located on the exterior of the plane .. the faa said that it 's ` physically impossible ' for a pilot to dump a tank while in flight , as it is opened with an exterior lever .
mark wood spent a day this week donning his newly arrived england suit .. ` i wore it around the house a bit too much really but i was absolutely buzzing just to have it on .. ` trying it on is when the mixture of nerves and excitement started , ' says wood , one of the uncapped members of alastair cook 's squad who fly to the caribbean on thursday for a three-test series against west indies .. the 25-year-old would be forgiven for checking the fit , because standing at 5ft 11in and weighing just over 12st , he is not the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler .. mark wood has been called up by england for the test series against west indies. when he 's not steaming in to bowl at 90mph mark wood can find himself fielding for long stretches of time .. thankfully the durham paceman has the perfect remedy to keep things interesting during a lengthy stint on the boundary rope .. ` there are times when it gets boring in the field , so i bring out the imaginary horse and try to joust my team-mates , ' wood said recently .. ` i do n't know how the england boys will take it , but i 'll have a go .. i like to have a trot and feed him apples -- he loves granny smiths .. ` sometimes it 's just the pick-me-up the lads need .. the horse will probably come with me to the caribbean if he gets through immigration .. if they do n't like it then i can just tie him up and leave him somewhere . '. but england are looking for something different in the wake of their woeful world cup and wood , whose ability to hurry batsmen from a short run-up is reminiscent of craig white and simon jones from previous eras , fits the bill .. several players on the county circuit last season would testify that he was the slipperiest bowler they faced .. ` i can hit 90mph but it 's not something i tend to concentrate on , ' said wood .. ` the quickest ball i have been clocked at on the telly was 91 but i am sure i can bowl quicker than that .. ` you know yourself , without the speed guns , when it 's coming out lovely and the rhythm 's there .. ` when i bowl i am not just trying to blast people out , i would like to think that being the slight lad that i am with a short run-up , it is more the surprise element that gets batters in trouble .. i tend to rush them a little bit but would like to think i have more skills than just raw pace . '. primary among those skills is a mastery of reverse swing .. it was no coincidence that his first three county championship appearances for durham all came at trent bridge , where the abrasive nature of the square roughs the ball up perfectly for exponents of the art .. durham paceman is not the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler. but he has also displayed a marked improvement in his use of the new ball , swinging it to good effect whenever he got it during the 2014 season .. previously , he faced a battle to prise it from the hands of his durham team-mates graham onions and chris rushworth .. so a marker of his progress was provided at the turn of this year when he was opening the bowling for england lions on the tour of south africa .. that breakthrough moment on the field has been replicated off it , with wood 's devotion to the ecb 's fitness regime enabling him to play a string of matches following a career punctuated by injuries , including stress fractures of the back , a cyst on his left ankle , knee trouble and side strains .. ` my body type has changed a lot since i was the lad who broke through into the first team , ' he said .. ` i have done two winters now where they have basically pumped us up in the gym to get us stronger and fitter .. ` i did a four-week camp in potchefstroom , south africa , before christmas when i was smashing myself along with the other fast bowlers .. that got me the lions call-up and off that , maintaining that strength , got me the test call-up . '. wood has sought advice from former durham and england fast bowler steve harmison. his first-class haul of 74 wickets at 26 runs apiece is creditable even if his number of appearances , 23 , is a bit thin .. but as he showed in taking four australia a wickets in as many overs in a durham win at chester-le-street three years ago , he has the knack of getting good players out .. it may help him sneak ahead of liam plunkett or chris jordan in the pace pecking order .. ` i am not going to the west indies to make the numbers up .. i want to play a test match , whether it be the first , middle or last one , ' he said .. ` it 's a good opportunity .. as an england fan it has been frustrating to watch during the winter but everyone will agree that to put things right we have to start in the caribbean . '. it was for the carnage created at sabina park , jamaica , that steve harmison , another cricketing son of ashington , was renamed grievous bodily harmison 11 years ago .. ` there 's no pressure on us , is there ? '. ` the last lad from ashington took seven for 12 .. but if i get half of that i will be doing all right .. steve 's a family friend so he 's offered me advice on what the pitches will be like and how i should go about things .. the main thing he told me is that the stumps do n't move -- we had a bit of a joke about that because of the ball he bowled in brisbane ( the first delivery of the 2006-07 ashes , which went straight to andrew flintoff at second slip ) -- his point being that if you make sure you get the first one on target you 'll be fine after that . '. they are big shoes to fill but wood appears comfortable in his own .
a teenage factory girl in china dumped her newborn child in a toilet after giving birth -- before going back to work on a shoe production line .. the baby boy was found in the female toilets of a shoe factory in wenzhou city by a cleaner , prompting its managers to start searching for the mother .. they found xiao ying , 17 , working on the production line -- but she completely denied giving birth to the child , the people 's daily online reported .. the baby boy was dumped by his teenager mother in a factory toilets , before she went back to work .. xiao ying , 17 , said she was afraid to tell her parents she was pregnant and wanted to ` forget the entire incident '. when a cleaner found the child in the femaie toilets he was ` icy cold ' .. the baby 's condition is now improving but his traumatic birth could lead to problem later in life .. the father of the girl said they could not keep the baby. it was only when the managers spotted blood on the girl 's shoe that she admitted she was the mother .. cctv filmed ying going into the toilets at 8.11 am clutching her tummy -- and walking slowly back out at 8.13 am , only one minute and 49 seconds later .. the teenager said she managed to hid the pregnancy for months because ` no-one cared , and no-one asked . '. she said : ` i found out i was pregnant four to five months ago .. i was experiencing a lot of morning sickness and felt movement in my stomach .. ` i did n't tell my parents because i was afraid of being beaten . '. the father of the baby is 18 years old .. the couple had planned to get married but did n't go through with it .. when they broke up ying -- whose surname is ding -- said she did n't know she was pregnant and she had not been in contact with him , adding she could hardly remember what he looked like .. when asked why she abandoned her baby she said : ` at the time i had lots of abdominal pain so i went to the toilet .. ` when the baby came out i was terrified so i quickly ran to the dormitory , changed my clothes and just wanted to forget the entire incident . '. authorities at the shoe factory , like the one pictured here , found the mother back working on the production line .. she denied giving birth , but came clean when managers saw that she had blood on her shoes. ying said she was afraid to tell her parents she was pregnant in case they beat her .. her father has now said they will not raise her child , saying : ' my daughter is n't married .. we can not keep this baby . '. ying 's father arrived to arrange her medical treatment , but said the family had no intention of keeping the baby and would ask the father 's family to step in .. ` my daughter is n't married .. we can not keep this baby ' , he said .. a member of the hr department at the factory said they found the mother back on the production line .. he said : ` at the time she was very calm and this puzzled me .. ` as there was a lot of people nearby i asked her to come to the office where she was adamant that she was not the mother of the child but when we discovered blood on her shoes she admitted she was the mother . '. mr shao , the cleaner who found the child , said when he held the baby he was ` icy cold ' .. he said : ` the young girl was too cruel .. at 8am there 's usually no one in the dormitories .. ` luckily the baby boy was strong enough to cry out .. ` i used my coat and some sheets to wrap him up and turned on the heater for him before he began to warm up again . '. dr xiao said when the baby arrived at hospital at 10.20 am his body temperature was just 30.5 degrees .. by 4pm treatment had helped it rise to 35.8 degrees , but dr xiao said while the baby was generally well , his initial low body temperature could affect his development in the future .. sex education in china is notoriously poor , with people increasing calling for schools and parents to do more as a way of stopping unwanted pregnancies , rising rates of sexually transmitted diseases and acts of sexual violence .. we can not keep this baby '
mother charged : tyecka evans , 28 , has been charged with manslaughter in the death of her 3-month-old baby , which occurred while she was out clubbing with her sister. a 28-year-old florida woman has been charged in the death of her 3-month-old daughter who was left home alone while the mother was out dancing last week .. tyecka shanta evans , a mother of two from ocala , was taken into custody tuesday after her youngest child , 3-month-old taliya richardson , was discovered unresponsive at home last thursday .. evans initially told police she had dozed off and woke up in the living room to find that her daughter had crawled over a pillow on the floor and had a plastic shopping bag over her head .. but evans later changed her story and admitted that she had left her two children , ages 9 and three months , and her 1-year-old nephew home alone at 1am to go to a club with her sister and the woman 's boyfriend .. when she returned home to the parkside garden apartments on northwest second street from her outing at around 2.40 am , taliya was found unresponsive .. surveillance video from the housing complex shows tyecka evans arriving home by car at 2.36 am and running into her apartment , reported fox 35 .. moments later , she reemerges and waves at her sister downstairs , signalling for to come up .. evans ' young daughter was rushed to munroe regional medical center , where she was pronounced dead less than 30 minutes later .. home alone : after initially telling police that she was sleeping at home when her child stopped breathing , evans later admitted that she went out for nearly two hours and found her daughter unresponsive upon her return to parkside garden apartments in ocala , florida. toyana evans ( left ) , tyecka 's sister , could face charges for lying to police .. both women have criminal records and have been arrested multiple times. hospital staff said the 28-year-old mom was crying and appeared distraught , reported the ocala star banner .. during questioning , she told detectives she did not want to go to the club thursday night , but her sister kept insisting and eventually she decided to join her .. evans now faces manslaughter charges .. she was released from jail tuesday night after posting $ 30,000 bail .. toyana evans , tyecka 's sister , also could face charges for allegedly lying to police , according to the station wesh .. online records indicate that tyecka evans has a lengthy criminal record , which includes at least 10 arrests since 2009 on various charges ranging from traffic violations to grant theft and uttering forged bills .
jack wilshere says he is ready to return to the arsenal first team and play a part in their season-defining games after completing 90 minutes for the under 21 side on tuesday night .. the england midfielder completed 90 minutes in arsenal 's 4-1 win over stoke city as he stepped up his recovery from the ankle injury that has wrecked his season .. as he nears full fitness again , wilshere has set his sights on the fa cup semi-final with reading and the premier league clash with manchester united as he seeks to regain his place in arsene wenger 's team .. jack wilshere played 90 minutes for arsenal 's under 21 side in tuesday night 's game with stoke city. wilshere has been out of action since november , when he injured his ankle against manchester united. wilshere injured his ankle during the loss to manchester united back in november. april 11 burnley ( a ). april 18 reading ( wembley ). april 26 chelsea ( h ). may 4 hull city ( a ). may 11 swansea city ( h ). may 17 manchester united ( a ). may 20 sunderland ( h ). may 24 west bromwich albion ( h ). he said : ` you can train as much as you like but you ca n't get that match fitness unless you play .. in the premier league , you know how quick it is so you have yo get back to that speed . '. i feel like i 'm ready to play some part .. with everyone playing well , it will be difficult to get back in but sometimes it works out nicely .. ` when the team are playing well and winning it can be easier to fit in and help them get even more points .. when you 're injured you look at your comeback date and the games around that time .. ` the ones that stand out are the fa cup semi-final but even before that we 've got big games and we 've got man united so there 's enough time to play this season . '. wilshere suffered his injury in the 2-1 defeat by manchester united back on november 22 .. he completed 45 minutes in a friendly with brentford last week and took the next step on the road to recovery against stoke .. wilshere takes on stoke 's ollie shenton during the under 21 premier league match at the emirates. wilshere is hoping to make his first-team return for arsenal in the next few weeks. arsenal won 4-1 at the emirates courtesy of an alex iwobi hat-trick and another from stephy mavididi .. mikel arteta completed an hour and abou diaby 70 minutes as they recover from their respective ankle and calf injuries .. meanwhile , sportsmail can exclusively reveal that wilshere features on manchester city 's summer shopping list .
the family of a charity worker who drowned while volunteering to help youngsters in one of south africa 's poorest townships have paid tribute to their ` bubbly tomboy ' .. summer robertson from shrewsbury died after being overpowered by fierce currents off a picturesque beach in december near kenton-on-sea , a small town on the country 's south-eastern coast .. miss robertson was with three other british members of a team that had completed a 10-week charity adventure together with the latitude youth volunteering group , at a remote camping resort .. summer robertson , 21 , who died after drowning off the coast of south africa , where she had been helping youngsters in one of the country 's poorest townships. miss robertson 's parents sarah and john have been remembering their daughter who they described as a ` bubbly tomboy '. but she soon got into difficulties in the water and died before she was brought to shore .. another volunteer , 19-year-old alice barnett , from canterbury in kent also passed away after her body was washed up on the beach a day later .. now four months after the incident , her parents john and sarah , who also have two sons michael and sam , have been remembering their daughter , who died while on a trip of a lifetime working with deprived youngsters .. her father mr robertson , a 51-year-old works foreman , said he spoke to his daughter on the day she died .. he explained : ' i spoke to her that thursday morning .. summer pictured volunteering in south africa .. the 21-year-old had spoken to her father john just hours before she had died. miss robertson , left , died alongside fellow volunteer alice barnett , right , after they went for a celebratory swim after finishing their volunteering course. ` she said everything was great , they had finished their work and were having a few days relaxing before they came home . '. i was due to pick her up on the tuesday .. she contacted us at least once a week and said she was living the dream . '. her mother says she had no worries about her daughter taking part in the trip , but mr robertson added he did warn her to stay out of the sea , as she was not a confident swimmer .. he added : ` she was only paddling in shallow waters .. it 's just horribly sad .. ` on the night of her death , two policemen came to the door at 11.30 , and i knew straight away . '. i knew it was either summer or our son sam , who was living in digs in birmingham at the time while at university .. ` as soon as they said summer 's name , i knew something had happened . '. miss robertson 's death came soon after she landed her dream job as an apprentice in the parts department at hatfield jaguar in her hometown .. summer , fourth from left helping to deliver christmas presents .. death came just after she landed her dream job as an apprentice in the parts department at hatfield jaguar in her hometown. summer , pictured as a youngster at school , left , and celebrating her birthday .. her family have now launched an appeal to raise money for guide dogs for the blind as a tribute to her. and while they are heartbroken over their daughter 's death , her parents say they take great comfort from the fact that she died doing something she loved .. her mother said : ` it has motivated us to want to do something positive in her memory .. ` we 've decided to take a leaf out of summer 's book , and not take life so seriously .. ` now i do n't mind so much if the phone does n't work .. there 's more to life than worrying about work and paying the mortgage .. ` that 's only stuff , as summer would say . '. the family have now launched an appeal to raise money for guide dogs for the blind as a tribute to miss robertson .. it came after # 1,500 was donated to the appeal through a collection at her funeral .. it is hoped they can raise # 10,000 , which would allow them to name a guide dog puppy after miss robertson .. anybody wanting to donate to the appeal can visit the family 's gofundme page by clicking here .
barcelona coach luis enrique is not concerned by neymar 's recent goal drought and is confident the brazil forward will soon return to top form as the catalans continue their bid to repeat 2009 's historic treble .. after an impressive first half of the season , neymar has gone off the boil since the turn of the year and has not scored for the leaders in la liga since hitting the opener in a 5-0 win at home to levante on february 15 .. the 23-year-old looked particularly out of sorts in sunday 's 1-0 win at celta vigo and spent much of the game locked in an unseemly battle with celta fullback hugo mallo .. neymar ( left ) and dani alves ( centre ) share a joke with adriano during barcelona training on tuesday. luis suarez ( centre ) and neymar keep their eye on the ball during the session at joan camper sport city. barcelona defender gerard pique and frontman lionel messi share a joke during barcelona 's training session. messi appears focused as barcelona look to repeat the historic treble of 2009 this season under enrique. messi smiles alongisde barcelona and argentina team-mate javier mascherano during the training session '. i am not worried at all , ' luis enrique told a news conference previewing wednesday 's la liga match at home to almeria .. ` we are talking about an outstanding player , a top player , ' added the former barcelona and spain midfielder , who is enjoying a successful first term in charge at the nou camp .. ` and from what i see in training i am sure his scoring streak will soon return and he will be back on top form .. ` now he is helping us in a less spectacular way , less visible for you , but he gives the team a lot of things that i consider important . '. barcelona manager enrique insists he is not concerned by neymar 's recent drought in front of goal. neymar looked out of sorts in the 1-0 win over celta vigo and has not scored for barcelona since february 15. barca can stretch their lead over second-placed real madrid to seven points with a win against almeria , applying more pressure on real whose game at madrid neighbours rayo vallecano kicks off two hours later .. luis enrique 's side are through to the last eight of the champions league to face paris st germain and will seek a record-extending 27th king 's cup triumph when they play athletic bilbao in the final on may 30 .. barca became the only spanish side to win the treble of domestic league and cup and champions league in pep guardiola 's first season at the helm in 2008-09 .. barcelona boss luis enrique talks with veteran midfielder xavi ahead of the clash with almeria on wednesday. guardiola was a former team mate of luis enrique , as was almeria 's new coach sergi barjuan , who agreed to take over at the struggling andalucian side on monday following sunday 's sacking of juan ignacio martinez .. ` he is a friend and i am in touch with him from time to time , ' luis enrique said . '. i am pleased he has this opportunity and i hope he makes the most of it starting on thursday .. enrique 's former team-mate sergi barjuan agreed to take over struggling la liga side almeria on monday
this is the terrifying moment a car drives directly in front of an oncoming train , sending glass , crash debris and a street light flying across the road .. surveillance video shows a sound transit link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in south seattle , when all of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path .. the car gets rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill as a street light gets sent flying .. despite the crunch , the driver of the car miraculously escapes uninjured .. caught on camera : surveillance video shows a sound transit link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in south seattle , when all of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path. wrong direction : it is not clear what caused him to drive in front of the train. daytime drive : the incident occurred just after 11am on monday where the rail tracks intersect at 7150 martin luther king way south. according to local news reports , the 50-year-old driver of the car was trapped for about 15 minutes as firefighters fought to dismantle the wreckage .. it is not clear what caused him to drive in front of the train .. he was taken to harborview medical center in seattle for treatment of minor injuries .. complaints reportedly included neck and back pain .. there were no reports of anyone on the train being injured .. the incident occurred just after 11am on monday where the rail tracks intersect at 7150 martin luther king way south .. all central link rail service was temporarily suspended due to the crash .. full service was restored just after 3pm .. crash site : as the two vehicles collide , debris flies everywhere. high speed : the car is then rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill - a metal street light is knocked over in the process. all hands on deck : according to local news reports , the 50-year-old driver of the car was trapped for about 15 minutes as firefighters fought to dismantle the wreckage. lucky escape : he was taken to harborview medical center in seattle for treatment of minor injuries - complaints reportedly included neck and back pain
imminent arrival : the duchess of cambridge , pictured with prince george. they could have been any mother and child .. the pony-tailed young woman sitting on a hay bale at a petting zoo with her little boy perched on her knee wore barely a trace of make-up .. the only giveaway that she was someone special was the diamond and sapphire ring sparkling on her left hand .. while some other mothers nudged one another in disbelief as kate and prince george cooed over the new-born animals , staff at snettisham farm park , norfolk , are so familiar with the duchess of cambridge she knows many on first-name terms .. helped by his mother , her prominent bump hidden beneath what appeared to be william 's green barbour coat , prince george tenderly gave a bottle of milk to one of the farm 's new-born piglets .. if it seems to be a picture of a typical middle-class day out , that is no accident as this is exactly the informal , away-from-the-cameras upbringing william and kate want for their children .. that is why they are turning their new country bolt hole , anmer hall , on the north norfolk coast , into a secluded fortress home , far from prying eyes -- and far removed from traditional royal protocol .. anmer is set to become their principal residence over the next few years as william focuses on family and his new flying career .. for him , a life of peace and quiet is far preferable to his own pressure-cooker upbringing under the global spotlight .. royal aides have confirmed that the cambridges will head to anmer after the birth ( they will spend the first night at kensington palace ) -- as will kate 's mother , carole , to help with childcare and housekeeping .. kate will be taking a longer maternity leave this time round and the mail on sunday can reveal that the pilot prince plans to scale back his black-tie charity commitments so that he can enjoy more time at home .. ` his focus for the next two years is on family and flying in that order , ' a close friend revealed .. already the couple have immersed themselves in a notably more domestic -- not to say middle class -- life style than many royals , with under-the-radar shopping trips to nearby market towns and evening dinners in country pubs .. a noticeable part of the mother-and-child day out at snettisham was the absence of fuss and preferential treatment .. the duchess 's security detail , stationed a respectful 50 yards away , left kate and george to enjoy their morning in peace .. it was a sunny monday earlier this month , just days after the couple finally moved into anmer hall .. and kate and george were enjoying one of their last days out together before the arrival of the new royal baby .. family home : william has created a secluded retreat for kate , george and their new arrival at anmer hall , in north norfolk. according to one farm source : ` kate comes here a lot with george .. she is absolutely lovely and george is delightful .. there is never a fuss when she 's here .. ` if she was n't pointed out to you , you would n't know she was here .. she goes about her business like any other young mum and dotes on her child .. little george is lovely , extraordinarily social and other children seem to fuss over him .. they have no idea who he is . '. according to a close friend of kate 's : ` she ca n't wait to escape the hustle and bustle of the city .. both she and william love the country and it 's where they want to raise their family . '. it 's not hard to see why they want to escape the confines of apartment 1a , kensington palace , their official residence .. fiercely private , the cambridges are faced with the problem of being both public figures and private people .. william has a complicated relationship with the media , dating back to his mother 's tragic death .. he despises the paparazzi and has threatened legal action against any individuals taking unofficial photographs of his family .. pregnant kate and young prince george have enjoyed meeting the new-born animals at snettisham park farm. prince george and his mother are also regular visitors to the children 's play area at a nearby village. as a result , prince george is rarely photographed in public and has not made an official appearance in this country since leaving st mary 's hospital 21 months ago .. it is part of william 's strategy to shelter his family and he has a team of qualified aides and lawyers to advise him on privacy laws .. of course , william and kate are also keen to enjoy the fruits of their two-year # 1.5 million remodelling of their new home , with its ten bedrooms , swimming pool , tennis court and extensive grounds .. their official residence will remain kensington palace , but anmer hall will be their de facto family home for at least the next two years as william embarks on a new career with the east anglian air ambulance service .. as part of the costly renovations -- which also included installing a new roof , a state-of-the-art kitchen and a conservatory -- william had the driveway to the property , which used to belong to his close friends the van cutsem family , rerouted so that anyone accessing the property is shielded by trees .. security is paramount and the outhouses have been converted into dwellings for the couple 's security staff .. at anmer hall , prince george can enjoy playing in the garden and william can cycle freely around the country lanes .. kate loves shopping in the locals villages of burnham market , holt and holkham and locals often see her playing with george at a play area in a nearby village .. moving to anmer has afforded the couple the peace and freedom william especially has always craved .. the tiny hamlet where they live is so small there is n't even a pub , just a social club where the couple sometimes mingle with locals at its film nights .. the residents of the blue-doored cottages , part of the sandringham estate , are fiercely protective of their new neighbours .. remember , too , that some of william 's happiest childhood memories are of when his mother ripped up the stuffy royal protocols and introduced her two young sons to ` normal ' life by taking them to theme parks , go-kart tracks and public beaches -- trips echoed by kate and george 's visit to the petting zoo .. the duchess of cambridge enjoys shopping in picturesque north norfolk villages such as holt ( pictured ). friends say they are considering sending prince george to a local nursery or playschool .. while a royal aide says it is ` a bit premature ' , the couple will soon have to think about the option for their son .. the couple have already become central to the elite group of aristocratic locals known as the ` turnip toffs ' .. prince george 's godfather william van cutsem and his wife rosie live in hilborough , 40 minutes away , while the duke 's old friends the duckworth-chad family live at pynkney hall near king 's lynn .. william 's friend , etonian archie soames is often at the family seat , west barsham hall in fakenham , less than an hour from anmer hall , and the couple socialise with baron howard of rising 's children annabel , charlie and tom who william plays football with .. the duke 's cousin laura fellowes and her husband nick pettman also live in west norfolk .. the couple already have a list of favourite pubs .. two weeks ago , they shared a dinner with six friends at the crown in nearby east rudham .. william , seated at the head of the table next to his heavily pregnant wife , organised the supper to celebrate them finally moving to anmer .. ` william and kate have friends in norfolk , and they enjoyed a private dinner in a dining room , ' reports a source .. ` they wanted a night out and they can do it here .. the locals are very protective of them , as are the pub owners .. they organise special tables out of the way of prying eyes and escape routes so they are never seen coming in or leaving . '. the couple have been seen dining at the dabbling duck in great massingham , the king 's head in great bircham and the rose and crown at snettisham .. while they are relaxed , their discreet security detail of five protection officers remains on high alert .. friends say the plan is for carole to move in to look after her daughter once william resumes work following a fortnight 's paternity leave .. the duke , 32 , will be stationed at cambridge airport when he is fully trained to fly a powerful ec145 t2 helicopter .. he is said to be ` enormously excited ' about flying again , but it will be a challenge juggling his new career with official duties .. william will be based at cambridge airport as part of his duties with the east anglian air ambulance service. the cambridges have already enjoyed dinner with friends at one of their locals , the crown inn at east rudham. the mail on sunday has been told that william has implemented a number of changes to his diary and will be cutting back on black-tie charity events in particular .. instead , a friend insisted , he plans to continue with the informal , more intimate charity work he loves .. a spokesman for the duke said he remains committed to his charities , adding : ` the duke 's intent is to work as full time as possible .. he starts flying in the summer and his roster will take into account his official engagements .. these will be broadly consistent with previous years . '. meanwhile , his family will be staying in the background .. princes william and harry were filmed as toddlers playing the piano in the kensington palace nursery with their parents , but william and kate have refused to allow the cameras into their home .. pointedly , prince george fulfilled his only official engagement on the other side of the world in wellington during the couple 's tour of new zealand and australia .. that short yet charming photocall has been his sole appearance in the public eye .. diana strove to create as ordinary a life as possible for her boys and william wants the same for his own children .. he has seen the charm , security and joys of a happy family life with the middletons and it is what he desires for his own family .. both he and kate realise such a dream is far more realistic far from the madding crowds at anmer hall .
it may an unorthodox way of achieving european qualification , but west ham manager sam allardyce would welcome doing so through uefa 's respect and fair play rankings .. the top three nations in uefa 's rankings qualify for the europa league , with england currently sitting third and west ham topping the barclays premier league 's fair play table .. west ham have little left to play for as they sit ninth ahead of saturday 's match with bottom-club leicester city at the king power stadium .. yet they could achieve european qualification regardless of where they end up in the premier league by finishing top of the fair play table .. west ham manager sam allardyce wants the club to qualify for europe next season through fair play. it is a case of the fewer yellow and red cards the better for allardyce , but the west ham manager insists he has not instructed his players to keep their discipline at all costs .. asked if his players should tone down their commitment for the final eight games , allardyce said : ' i have n't told them that .. ` if we have done what we have done all season and we have been as good as we have been i should n't really need to tell them any more .. ` for us as a team to be where we are at this stage of the season shows that we have played the game in the right way and the right manner and achieved something that is out there to promote the game in the right fashion . '. allardyce shouts instructions at his bolton players during a uefa cup match against besiktas in 2005. allardyce led bolton wanderers into uefa cup qualification for the first time in the club 's history in 2005 , and knows first hand how it can attract players in the transfer market .. ` it was never easy but there were players of much higher quality interested in coming to bolton , there is no doubt about that , ' allardyce added .. ` the journey may not be great financially , but it is not the financial journey we look for as footballers and managers -- it is the experience .. ` it is the fact that you are competing in europe which in itself may help in some of your recruitment areas -- however you have got there . '. bolton forward stelios giannakopoulos scores a goal against marseille in the uefa cup back in 2006
( cnn ) the fbi has confirmed that one of its most wanted terrorists , the malaysian bomb maker known as marwan , was killed in an otherwise disastrous raid in the philippines in january .. marwan , whose real name is zulkifli bin hir , was believed by the fbi to a member of southeast asian terror group jemaah islamiyah 's central command .. the fbi said in february that a dna sample -- understood to be from a severed finger -- taken from a man killed in a raid in the southern philippines showed a link with a known relative of marwan .. but the fbi now says tests have confirmed that the dead man was the wanted islamic extremist .. " after a thorough review of forensic data and information obtained from our philippine law enforcement partners , the fbi has assessed that terrorism subject , zulkifli abdhir ... is deceased and has been removed from the fbi 's list of most wanted terrorists , " david bowdich , assistant director in charge of the fbi 's los angeles field office , told cnn in a statement .. the fbi had been offering a $ 5 million reward for information leading to marwan 's capture in the wake of his 2007 indictment on terror charges in a california court .. it accused him of being a supplier of ieds to terrorist organizations , and having conducted bomb making training for terror groups , including the philippines-based abu sayyaf .. marwan had previously been falsely reported dead after a raid by philippine security forces in 2012 .. the philippines has been fighting an insurgency in the predominantly muslim south for years , and last year signed a peace agreement with the moro islamic liberation front ( milf ) , the largest rebel group in the region .. but in january it launched a surprise raid in pursuit of marwan at mamapasono , in the southern province of maguindanao .. the mission went disastrously awry .. forty-four members of the police 's elite special action force ( saf ) unit were killed in the assault , targeting an area controlled by the bangsamoro islamic freedom fighters ( biff ) -- a hardline splinter group which has rejected the peace deal with the philippines government .. according to a report released by the institute for policy analysis of conflict ( ipac ) last month , the biff faction sheltering marwan had sworn allegiance to isis .. in the immediate aftermath of the assault , the saf company charged with executing marwan came under fire , before another saf company stationed in nearby milf territory as a " blocking force " became engaged in an eight-hour firefight with milf fighters .. according to the ipac report , the saf " blocking " company eventually ran out of ammunition and only one of their number survived ,. eighteen milf fighters were killed and a number of biff fighters may also died .. the clash shattered a three-year ceasefire with the milf , authorities said .. a national day of mourning was declared as the men were laid to rest .. bowdich expressed the fbi 's " sincere condolences to the brave officers of the special action force who lost their lives while attempting to apprehend this dangerous fugitive . ". while an saf superintendent said at a eulogy for the fallen commandos that their sacrifice had been worth it , controversy has dogged the botched mission in the philippines .. the ipac report argued that the " single-minded focus " of authorities on killing marwan has threatened the peace agreement with the milf , which is yet to cross the final hurdle of being passed into law by the philippines congress .. " the best chance the southern philippines has ever had for peace may now be in jeopardy , " read the report , which argued that the mamapasano fiasco was the result of a misguided emphasis on killing marwan .. the report argued that , although marwan had aided terror attacks and provided funds and equipment to milf and abu sayyaf , he was not " the master bomber that his reputation suggested . ". yet for the philippines authorities and their u.s. allies , killing marwan had become such a priority that security forces bypassed the mechanisms that had been established to alert the milf to such operations , for fear of word leaking to their target .. the report quoted an anonymous indonesian associate of marwan 's who described the malaysian as " a little snake who has been blown up into a dragon . ". read more : dozens of philippine police killed in raid on ` high value ' bomb makers. read more : philippines honors 44 slain commandos with day of mourning. cnn 's arlene samson-espiritu and kathy quiano contributed to this report .
a young mum who was crippled after she dived 40 feet off appley bridge quarry in wigan has described how her children inspired her fight back to health .. natalie prescott , 26 , was not expected to survive after she dived into a quarry in a dare-devil stunt which went horribly wrong .. her family was warned she was unlikely to pull through and that if she did , she would almost certainly lose her legs .. mum-of-three natalie prescott , 26 , with harley , 5 , ( left ) , 19 month old scarlett , and saskia , 7 , ( right ) , nearly lost her legs after leaping off appley bridge quarry , near wigan , back in 2012. through perseverance , she is finally on the way to recovery -- and says her children are her inspiration .. but after learning that a teenage boy tragically drowned in the same quarry on friday , natalie is campaigning to have the area closed off to the public .. mother-of-three natalie , from wigan , said : ` this tragedy brought it all back to me .. i almost died there too -- and i want all young people to learn from my stupidity - please stay away from lakes and rivers because tomb-stoning can kill you .. ` but in a way , i 'm glad it happened to me , because it taught me what 's important in life .. all that matters to me now are my three lovely children . '. after the incident , it was revealed that her ankles were pulverised and her knee cap was smashed. she had several operations during a three-month hospital stay , including metal plating in her ankle. the accident , in june 2012 , happened at appley bridge quarry , wigan , near the farm owned by natalie 's mother , susan .. susan was later to see the air ambulance over her farm -- unaware it was carrying her own daughter .. natalie , who is mother to saskia , 7 , harley , 5 , and 19 month old scarlett , says : ' i hooked up with some old friends and on a sunny afternoon we went for a day out to a beauty spot , where rocks overhang a disused quarry .. ` my mum lived nearby and she was looking after my two children whilst i went out with my friends .. ` we were daring each other to jump in the water , and even though i knew it was stupid , i went along with it .. i had never done anything like that before . '. i just fancied doing something crazy .. i was n't thinking about my children , i was thinking about myself . '. as natalie jumped , her nerves got the better of her and she hesitated .. she smashed against an overhanging cliff , before hitting the water .. after the accident , although the doctors managed to save her legs , she was unable to walk or stand , and had to learn all over again. at the time of the accident in 2012 , the 26-year-old had two children , saskia , now 7 , and harley , now 5. she says : ` as i hit the water , i saw a large gaping hole in my knee .. i had no pain but i was shaking and in shock . '. natalie 's friends dragged her onto the banking and gave her mouth to mouth resuscitation as she began to struggle with her breathing .. unconscious , she was flown to hospital by a mountain rescue team and placed in icu .. natalie says : ` my mum and my children saw the air ambulance land near their farm , and they watched it -- unaware that it was me who was injured . '. her family was at first warned she might not survive -- and were then told she would lose both of her legs .. natalie says : ` my memories of those first days in hospital were very hazy . '. i was in so much pain and my legs were just a mush .. my knee cap was smashed and my ankles were pulverised . '. in august 2013 , natalie gave birth to her third child , scarlett , now 19 months .. the mum-of-three has stated that her children have been her inspiration for recovering from the horrific incident. before and after : natalie finally took her first steps one year after the accident , and then gave birth to her new baby , scarlett in august 2013. she had several operations during a three month hospital stay , including surgery to fit metal plating in her ankle and an artificial knee joint .. though doctors managed to save her legs , she was left unable to walk or stand .. she was transferred to rehab , where she began to learn to walk again .. natalie said : ` it was a very low point for me .. i felt so guilty that i had put my family through so much pain and worry .. ` every time my children visited me in hospital , they would cry and beg me to come home .. ` my son , harley , said to me : ` get out of that big pram mummy and start walking again . '. ` it was very painful and so frustrating , but i just had to work hard , every day , to get myself well again . '. natalie finally took her first steps one year after the accident .. and in august 2013 , she gave birth to a new baby , scarlett .. natalie says : ` scarlett 's birth really inspired me to get back on my feet .. i had to get better , because i had a new baby to look after . '. i feel like i 'm back to being a mummy again ' : although natalie still has a limp and is n't able to ride horses , she can look after her children better. 26-year-old natalie is now better able to care for her children , including saskia , now 7 , and younger brother harley , now 5 .. she has vowed to start a petition to have the area closed to public after hearing of the drowning of teenager miracle godson '. i was determined to look after her on my own because i 've needed so much help with my older children . '. i feel like i 'm back to being a mummy again , and that is such a precious role and one i wo n't take for granted ever again . '. i wo n't ever be back to how i was ; i have a limp and i ca n't walk far .. i wo n't ever be able to ride horses again .. ` but in a way , i 'm grateful for the accident .. ` it made me grow up and appreciate what is important in life .. ` when i heard that the young boy had drowned in the same spot it sickened me , and i now i 'm going to do everything i can to get the area closed off .. ` i 'm starting a petition because i want people to listen to me before another life is lost . '
lib dem campaigner michelle gent used her party 's constituency headquarters for her bondage and porn film business. a liberal democrat campaigner has been exposed as a dominatrix who used the party 's constituency headquarters for her bondage and porn film business .. michelle gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips , chains , swords and scantily clad women before selling the videos online .. the former lib dem councillor , 50 , used the party 's offices in ashfield , nottinghamshire , to hold auditions for the sordid films .. some of the clips show women bound with leather straps , while others show girls drenched in fake blood .. a source told matthew drake , for the sunday mirror , that actors at auditions for one of ms gent 's films , the exorcist chronicles , were told to ` prepare for anything ' .. the source , who walked out of an audition , said : ` they were pushing people to be more and more extreme .. michelle acted like an x factor judge .. ` there were girls flashing , pretending to play with themselves , screaming , faking orgasms and kissing each other in the hope they would be picked for the lead role . '. ms gent , a grandmother-of-one , explained the plot of the film during an interview for a bizarre movie reviews website .. she said : ` the movie is about a spate of demonic possessions .. the vatican are getting worried about the frightening increase in occurrences of the possessions and need to do something about it .. they send out an unusual team -- a priest , father jan , and a scientist , daryl lux .. ` it 's a movie that has many levels of perception .. if you want to look deeper into the meanings , then it 's certainly possible .. try it , have fun with it .. it may take a few viewings to see everything , but i find that kind of thing fascinating .. it 's been very cleverly done i think . '. ms gent 's other films include dead walkers : rise of the 4th reich and awesome killer auditions .. michelle gent ( pictured left in a poster for one of her films ) directed and starred in violent films , some of which showed women bound with leather straps. the former councillor used the party 's headquarters ( pictured ) in ashfield , nottingham , for auditions for the exorcist chronicles .. the offices have since been sold. sordid : the violent films ( poster pictured ) , which are sold online , feature whips , chains , swords and scantily clad women. ms gent was a county councillor in nottinghamshire from 2009 to 2013 before losing her seat ,. she used the party 's offices in ashfield for her film business in 2012 - the same offices which have been visited by former liberal democrat party president tim farron .. the headquarters were owned by councillor rachel madden , who is believed to have recently sold them for # 80,000 .. a lib dem spokesman said : ` neither rachel madden or the ashfield liberal democrat party was aware that the space used there by michelle gent on may 20 , 2012 was being used for purposes related to the films . '. the spokesman accepted that auditions for the exorcist chronicles were held there , but said ms gent 's movies were ` commercially available horror ' films , rather than bondage or porn .. mailonline has contacted ms gent for comment .
she 's the benefits street resident who wants to become britain 's next top supermodel .. and now sherrell dillion has revealed she has landed herself a place in a top competition .. however , the single mother-of-two , who was featured in the hit channel 4 series which saw her desperately searching for work , now says she is technically homeless .. sherrell dillion from benefits street has been given a place in the top model of colour competition , however , her good news is marred by the fact that she is currently homeless. sherrell starred on benefits street alongside white dee and she says she feels happiness for her co-star. sheena says she has nowhere to live following a mice infestation at her home in eva road , which is adjacent to where the show was filmed in james turner street , winson green .. she is currently living in temporary accommodation in handsworth .. but a real life rags-to-riches story could still unfold for sherrell as she has now won a place in the final of modelling competition top model of colour uk .. she added : ` winning a place in the final is a huge thing for me .. it is a massive competition and past winners have gone on to big things . '. she continued : ` i 'm a single mum who wants to do the very best for her kids .. i have been striving for a career in modelling for many years and i hope this will be the big break for me . '. in a series of new photos sherrill poses which her hair styled over her forehead in a white and orange dress. sherrell dillion poses against a lamp-post wearing a pair of high heels and showing off her long toned legs. her plight is a far cry from that of white dee , who is said to be close to making her first # 1million after becoming a break-out star of the controversial documentary series .. yet sherrell , who has brought up her children terrell , 10 , and kiwi , five , on her own , wishes her former neighbour nothing but the best .. she said : ` while white dee has enjoyed a lot of success , it never really took off for me .. ` but dee still keeps in touch and gives me advice .. i am not jealous of her , she 's a lovely woman and i wish her all the success in the world .. ` but i would like to have used the show to have bettered myself .. i hoped things would take off for me as well . '. sherrell shows off her long limbs as she poses on the wall outside of her house. sherrell at home with one of her children who she raises on her own. she added : ' i recently became homeless after the house i was living in became infested with mice .. the last straw was when i saw a mouse jump out of a cereal packet . '. i just took my kids out of there and i have n't been back .. i am now living in temporary accommodation in handsworth while i find a permanent home . '. sherrell , a former takeaway worker , always dreamed of being a model and was scouted at the age of 22 but then suffered an ectopic pregnancy that left her bedridden for months .. the final of top model of colour uk takes place on may 30 at the grand connaught rooms in the heart of the west end .. previous winners have bee signed by major mainstream modelling agencies and graced some of the top magazines in the world .. the winner will receive a modelling contract , jewellery , clothes and shoes as well as other prizes .
they are famous for their exquisite sashimi , succulent yakitori ( grilled chicken on skewers ) and mouthwatering soba noodles .. but the japanese have taken their culinary expertise to a whole new level with their newest cooking series .. the action in this cookery programme takes place in the tiniest kitchen in the world , and demonstrates how to make perfectly formed miniature versions of classic foods .. a tiny strawberry cake made with cut out bread , one strawberry and covered in frosting and coloured balls. it 's a tiny kitchen !. the miniature space videos are filmed in the bijou area. miniature space , a cooking show which has taken the internet by storm , has easy-to follow videos of how to make all kinds of fun-sized food , from noodle dishes and cheeseburgers to tagines , fried chicken and even cake .. cooked on tiny hobs and mini pans , the viewer only sees the hand of the chef as they chop , dice , boil and fry various ingredients to create lilliputian culinary masterpieces .. the latest video shows the chef making a miniature strawberry cake complete with frosting , sprinkles and strawberries .. using a tiny cutter , the chef cuts out two small circles from a slice of bread .. then , using the palm of his hand , he gentle flattens the bread circles .. he then opens a small fridge from which he removes one strawberry .. using a small knife , he carefully cuts the strawberry into little triangles , before using minute tongs to place some of the strawberry triangles on to one half of the bread circle .. using a small icing bag , he then frosts the strawberries , before placing the other circle of bread on top .. he then squiggles frosting all over the mini cake before using a baby spatula to carefully smooth over the frosting .. the door to small fridge opens to reveal one strawberry. it 's not a giant slice of bread , it 's just a mini kitchen counter. using a cutter ( left ) the chef cuts out a circle of bread before flattening it out with the palm of his hand ( right ). he then brings over the rest of the strawberries , together with a small bowl of hundreds and thousands and another equally small bowl of edible silver beads .. he then carefully uses tiny tongs to neatly place the remaining strawberries on the top of the cake .. a little ladle is used to pick up the colourful ball decorations , which are once again carefully arranged atop the cake .. he then pipes in even more frosting on the cake .. the video ends with him using a small knife to cut a slice of the cake before he serves it on a plate with a side of more coloured balls .. not much is known about the people behind the miniature space cooking videos other than a statement on ther youtube page which states : ` we produce edible miniature dishes .. ` all of the kichien [ sic ] we use , cooking ingredients , small articles arebought in japan .. ` as we do n't use english , there will be the cases we ca n't answer the questions , if you give .. the mini cake video which was uploaded in march currently has more than 900,00 views .. he places minute triangles of strawberries on the bread and squirts frosting on them ( left ) .. he then covers the fruit with the other bread circle before frosting it ( right ). the cake is decorated with the rest of the strawberries , edible coloured balls and more frosting
holders sevilla will take on fiorentina for a place in this season 's europa league final .. retaining the title will see the spanish club win the competition for a record fourth time , although overcoming la viola will be a big ask .. fiorentina overcame tottenham , roma and dynamo kiev en route to the last four and have home advantage for the second leg .. the other tie sees rafael benitez 's napoli take on dnipro dnipropetrovsk of ukraine for a place in the warsaw final , which takes place on may 27 .. here 's how the draw unfolded .... the draw for the europa league semi-finals was made on friday morning at uefa 's headquarters in nyon. well , that was brief .. our semi-final line-up is complete , though , and the prospect of an all italian final in warsaw on may 27 is still there .. i 'm sure sevilla and dnipro will have something to say about that .. anyway , the main event is up next .. join me for the champions league semi-final draw. the reigning champions against the other italian side in the competition is our second semi-final .. that 's the first tie out of the hat .... once again uefa 's second club competition has thrown up an interesting mix in the last four , and today sevilla , napoli , fiorentina and dnipro will all learn who they face in the semi-finals of the europa league .. in today 's draw we have two serie a sides , three time europa league winners sevilla and ukrainian surprise package dnipro .. the draw for the last four is coming up very shortly , but why not join me for build-up to the champions league draw right now .
( hlntv ) actress alyssa milano had some angry tweets for heathrow airport authorities thursday morning after workers there allegedly confiscated breast milk she 'd pumped for her daughter while she was on a plane .. milano , who was on a trip with her husband that she described in an earlier tweet as a " romantic getaway , " was furious .. according to the heathrow airport guidelines on its website regarding baby food and/or milk , the airport asks that travelers carry only what they need for the flight .. a blogger mom apparently experienced a similar issue at the airport in 2011 when her pumped milk was also confiscated .. per the uk department of transport , travelers can carry breast milk through security and are allowed quantities larger than 100ml if necessary .. milano , who has long been an outspoken advocate of breastfeeding , said the cooler the milk was in was also confiscated .. see the original story at hlntv.com .
( cnn ) so now the real trial is underway : what does the surviving boston marathon bomber , dzhokhar tsarnaev , deserve and why ?. what 's he likely to get and why ?. let 's start where the penalty phase starts , with the prosecution 's case .. prosecutors have listed , as they must , the aggravating circumstances that make this horrific mass murderer deserve the harshest punishment .. the killing was " heinous , cruel and depraved . ". he placed a bomb in a crowd , set it to kill and maim children and adults indiscriminately -- if that 's not heinous , cruel and depraved , what is ?. cruelty classically consists of a desire to cause pain and suffering in innocent victims , or , at the opposite extreme , it reflects a cold , callous indifference .. cruelty really provides us a lens into the worst of the worst of the worst .. the number of dead from the bombing ( three ) and injured ( 260 ) , including dozens maimed , also elevate these murders .. the victims were vulnerable -- no one more so than 8-year-old martin richard .. for 2,500 years , we have proclaimed that all human beings are equally valuable , yet we identify certain victims as especially worthy , and those who prey on them as especially culpable .. the prosecution 's emphasis : the killings involved " substantial planning and premeditation " and a betrayal of the united states -- the very country that gave tsarnaev shelter and citizenship .. and then there 's the selection of the site , the boston marathon , an " iconic " event .. and then there 's tsarnaev 's lack of remorse -- opening day , the prosecutor 's final shot of tsarnaev locked up , giving the security camera the finger .. from his blood-scrawled justification in the boat after the bombing to this day , the message has been : screw you , society .. tsarnaev may take the stand to beg for mercy , but only if he now feels or at least can fake remorse .. and do n't confuse regret with remorse .. no doubt tsarnaev regrets his present predicament , regrets the negative publicity he 's brought his friends and family and most poignantly regrets running over and killing his older brother while trying to escape .. but that 's a far cry from genuine remorse for the victims he 's killed and maimed .. dzhokhar tsarnaev was the lesser of two evils , the defense will insist over and over .. tamerlan was the source of his younger brother 's malicious intent .. as the prisoners inside washington d.c. 's now defunct lorton central prison once described the street code to me : no snitching , but if someone dies , then " the dead guy did everything . ". so the defense will claim that dzhokhar was not fully responsible because he could not be .. after all , he was only 19 .. biologists teach us our brains do n't fully develop until we 're 25 .. thus , their argument goes , a 19-year-old simply ca n't be the worst of the worst .. in 2005 , the u.s. supreme court struck down the death penalty for those younger than 18 when they killed , repeatedly quoting an article by psychologists laurence steinberg and elizabeth scott .. but in the same article , these leading developmental psychologists themselves characterized it as an " open question whether under real-world conditions the decision making of mid-adolescents is truly comparable with that of adults . ". and they were talking about 17-year-olds .. to the best of my knowledge , science has not and can not establish a definitive connection between organic brain development and moral responsibility .. think about it : when a 19-year-old bravely dashes into a burning building , risking his life to save children inside , we celebrate this heroism .. we do not , nor should we , dismiss this bravery as the product of an impulsive not-yet-fully-formed personality .. if we can fully celebrate good character and heroic acts of our best young adults , why ca n't we fully condemn the cowardly viciousness of our worst ?. what outcome would i predict in the tsarnaev case ?. confronted by surviving victims and images of their dead loved ones , hearing offsetting pleas to " move on , " balancing the real suffering in the courtroom against the imagined punishment of life that awaits tsarnaev , i expect the jury will vote 10-2 ( or 9-3 ) for death .. but they must be unanimous for death ; a lopsided but divided jury would result in a life sentence .. worse , the historical record and headlines in the next day 's anti-death penalty news organizations will probably proclaim : " jury chooses life for the marathon bomber " -- even if overwhelmingly the people 's representatives were to vote for death as the more appropriate punishment .. requiring a unanimous verdict for death gives the defense an enormous advantage -- one of many .. because in the end , we would much prefer that 1 or 10 or 20 convicted murderers who deserve to die instead live out their lives in the relatively nonpunitive condition of prison than one person who deserves to live be wrongly killed at the hands of the people .. and yet , if we really commit ourselves to having the punishment fit the crime , if we rightly reserve the death penalty for the most heinous crimes and criminals , surely the boston marathon bomber stands among the worst of the worst .
the brazilian man shot dead alongside australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran in indonesia was a paranoid schizophrenic who did n't realise he was being executed until his last moments of life .. rodrigo gularte , 42 , asked ` am i being executed ? '. as he was being chained up to be transported to the jungle clearing on nusakambangan island where he and seven other death row inmates were killed by firing squad in the early hours of wednesday morning .. the irish priest appointed to be gularte 's spiritual advisor in his final hours said he talked to gularte for an hour and a half late on tuesday night to prepare him for the executions , but the convicted drug trafficker was confused about his fate and complained about hearing voices .. angelita muxfeldt ( right ) , cousin of executed brazilian drug convict rodrigo gularte , checks the condition of the body of her cousin at the hospital morgue in jakarta on wednesday. workers carry coffin of brazilian executed drug smuggler gularte during his prayer ceremony. gularte was arrested in 2004 for attempting to smuggle six kilograms of cocaine into indonesia. the brazilian national was a paranoid schizophrenic who did n't realise he was being executed until his last moments of life. ` when they took him out of the cell i was with him and he went to the front place , just to go out to where the car was , and then they put these bloody chains on them , ' father charlie burrows told irish radio station rte .. ` and he said to me " am i being executed ? ". ` and i said " yes , i thought i was explaining that to you " .. ` and he did n't get excited because he was a very quiet kind of a guy but he said " this is not right . " '. father burrows said gularte then became paranoid that he would be shot while he was in the car .. father charlie burrows said he talked to gularte for an hour and a half late on tuesday night to prepare him for the executions , but the convicted drug trafficker was confused about his fate. brazilian executed drug smuggler rodrigo gularte 's prayer ceremony at the hospital morgue in jakarta. gularte 's cousin , angelita muxfeldt , mourns during his prayer ceremony .. for years his family pleaded for clemency on the basis of his mental illness. images of the eight men executed in indonesia are placed on tables at gularte 's prayer ceremony. ` because he 's schizophrenic he said " oh , there 's a sniper waiting outside to shoot to me " and i said " no , you 're safe now . " '. father burrows said once they arrived at the killing fields , all eight death row inmates were tied to crosses with cable ties .. all eight men refused to wear blindfolds , choosing instead to face their executioners .. father burrows said once the men were tied up he was allowed to go and speak to gularte again , who did not become hysterical but spoke in protest of his imminent death . '. i talked to him and he said " this is not right , i made one small mistake and i should n't be having to die for it , " ' he said .. ` he was annoyed more than anything else because he 's a very soft spoken , quiet and sensitive man . '. gularte was arrested in 2004 on arrival at jakarta airport with about six kilograms ( 13 pounds ) of cocaine hidden in several surfboards .. he was sentenced to death by the tangerang district court in february 2005 , and spent seven of his 11 years in prison on nusakambangan .. gularte 's family tried without success to obtain clemency for him , saying doctors have classed him as paranoid schizophrenic .. under indonesian law , a mental health disease can provide for clemency in death penalty cases .. jakarta twice turned down appeals for clemency and the indonesian authorities told the gularte family only a government doctor 's diagnosis would be considered for rodrigo 's possible reprieve .. a customs officer inspects surfing boards used by brazil 's citizen rodrigo gularte to smuggle six kilograms of cocaine into indonesia. rodrigo 's cousin marlise gularte de cavalho told daily mail australia : ` for our family it is like dying a little every day , it is hard to stay strong but you must '. the families of death row prisoners sergei atlaoui of france and rodrigo gularte of brazil leave the ferry dock at wijayapura after visiting the prisoners at nusa kambangan in cilacap in february. gularte 's devastated family always insisted he was mentally ill and fell prey to drugs in his teens and to a brazilian drug cartel in his early thirties .. he was so deluded that when he was arrested he told indonesian police his two fellow couriers had nothing to do with the scheme .. a year later , he was sentenced to death .. in an interview with daily mail australia in february , when gularte 's family still had hope he might be spared , his cousin marlise gularte de cavalho said the 42-year-old would tell his family he did n't believe that he would be executed during prison visits .. he insisted a manned satellite over nusakambangan was stalking him and voices in his head told him he would n't be executed because ` the voices say the death penalty has been abolished ' .. an emotional angelita muxfeldt holds photos of cousin rodrigo gularte. clarisse gularte ( left ) , mother of convicted brazilian drug smuggler rodrigo gularte , greets relatives of convicted french drug smuggler serge areski atlaoui as they depart the nusakambanga prison outpost. bali nine members , myuran sukumaran ( left ) and andrew chan ( right ) were shot alongside gularte. ` for the two hours we are there i guess he would talk lucidly for about 10 minutes , ' ms de cavalho told daily mail australia .. ms de cavalho spent weeks with gularte 's other cousin , angelita muxfeldt , and his mother clarisse muxfeldt taking the police ferry almost daily to visit nusakambangan where he was held island 's newest prison , pasir putih , which lies not far from one of its famed white sand beaches .. angelita tried for years to make rodrigo aware of the danger he was in , but afflicted by delusions he would tell her it ` was all a trick ' .. ` now i do n't tell him because he is calm and not frightened .. perhaps it is better that way . '. nusakambangan island where rodrigo gularte was held for the past seven years on death row. rodrigo gularte 's family hired a government professor of psychiatry to examine rodrigo in prison on nusakambangan .. the prison governor sent the professor 's written diagnosis of gularte 's schizophrenia to the indonesian attorney general , but it was rejected. ` they say no , ' said ms de cavalho , ` they wo n't listen , the president has the power over people 's lives that should only be god 's '
for most workers , being told they 're getting a raise at work is a cause for celebration , but not for these builders in china .. that 's because they 're constructing a mountain road thousands of feet above the ground in pingjiang county , hunan province .. with no ropes or safety harnesses , and only hard hats to protect them if they fall , these men spend their days hauling heavy planks and wheelbarrows full of cement over a rickety wooden walkway .. on the edge : workers in china have been pictured building a walkway for tourists while perched thousands of feet up a mountain side in pingjiang county , hunan province. precarious : the men spend their days carrying heavy planks of wood and wheelbarrows full of concrete across a flimsy-looking wooden walkway with so safety harnesses or ropes. tipping point : here , the builders are left standing on nothing more than rusty-looking scaffolding poles as they hammer them into the rock to extend the road further round the cliff. attraction : pingjiang is dominated by the mufu mountain range and officials have tried to attract visitors to the small county by construction precarious walkways such as this one for tourists to walk along. in other images the builders can be seen perched on nothing more than rusty metal scaffolding poles as they hammer them into the mountainside to extend the walkway .. chinese officials hope that the road will draw thousands more tourists to the area , as they flock to walk along the scenic route .. pingjiang county is well-known for its mountains , with the mufu mountain range sweeping through most of the province , and the national park there already attracts thousands of sightseers .. local authorities have tried to capitalise on this popularity by building a winding series of mountain roads and glass walkways along some of the sheerest cliff faces .. under construction : the workers first assemble the scaffolding poles along the cliff before constructing a walkway of wooden planks along the top , and then use this as a base to construct a more stable concrete path. do n't look down : without ropes or safety harnesses , and with only hard hats to protect them if they fall , these men assemble scaffolding along the cliff , which is the first stage of extending the walkway. nerve-wracking : with little or no safety equipment , these are the brave men charged with helping to build this tourist attraction in pingjiang county , south eastern china , which officials hope will bring tourists to the area. danger : these men pour heavy concrete into moulds set into the mountain walls , with the whole structure balanced on top of wooden planks and rusty scaffolding poles. it is not known exactly where this walkway is being constructed , but it is very similar in appearance to another mountain path being built along the side of shifou mountain , in nearby jiangxi province .. that road has been under construction since at least 2011 , and also saw workers balancing on a flimsy 3ft-wide wooden walkway thousands of feet up a mountain .. once completed , that road would have stretched for nearly two miles around the cliff top , making it china 's longest mountain sightseeing road .. engineer yu ji , 48 , who has been building these roads for a decade , said : ' i do n't feel it 's so different from any other job .. it 's not as dangerous as people think .. you just wear ropes then everything is ok . '. heavy load : workers are pictured filling in the bridge with concrete , with all the weight balanced on top of rickety wooden planks. hard labour : the men are expected to spend their days hauling heavy wooden planks and wheelbarrows full of concrete back and forth across the walkway , despite being suspended thousands of feet in the air with no safety equipment. toughing it out : these workers manage to look like they 're enjoying themselves , despite being just one step away from death on this mountainside in south eastern china. another glass-bottomed walkway opened in pingjiang in 2014 , suspended 600ft above the ground , it is actually a suspension bridge that stretches between two mountaintops .. because it is only held up by steel cables which anchor it to the surrounding rocks , the bridge actually sways when the wind blows , making it especially terrifying for tourists to cross .. so many visitors get stuck on the bridge , their legs paralysed by fear , that the tourist board employs specially trained staff who are on hand to help them to the other side .
january , it is said , is a bad time to do business .. either prices are inflated or you 're picking up problem players other clubs do n't want .. this year , it seems , has proved no different .. big-money buys have struggled to impact , while loan signings , too , have not had the desired effect .. here , sportsmail looks at five winter-window arrivals who have disappointed for their new employers .... juan cuardrado arrived at chelsea for # 23m from fiorentina but has failed to impress at stamford bridge. for a fee in the region of # 23m and arriving from fiorentina with a reputation bloated by his impressive performance for colombia at last summer 's world cup , cuadrado was expected to help fire chelsea towards the premier league and champions league crowns .. in nearly three months , however , he has played just over three hours of top-flight football , failing to score or create a goal in that period .. the colombian winger arrived with a big reputation after starring at the 2014 world cup. meanwhile , during the champions league exit to psg , cuadrado appeared for just 11 minutes and remained a spectator as they were eliminated following the second leg at stamford bridge .. perhaps next season was always pencilled in for the explosive winger to make his impact , but the jury remains very much out based on his early efforts .. wilfried bony ( man city ). with sergio aguero perennially troubled by injury problems and edin dzeko about as reliable as his team-mate 's hamstrings , # 28m swansea striker bony was supposed to be the man to take on the scoring mantle and see home city 's defence of their title .. wilfried bony has netted only one goal as manchester city have slipped out of the title race. his arrival , of course , was delayed by participation at the africa cup of nations , but bony has done little to breathe new life into city 's stuttering season .. there has been just one goal -- the opener in a routine 3-0 home win over west brom -- and he has missed the last two matches -- including the derby defeat at manchester united -- after turning an ankle in training .. the former swansea striker scored more premier league goals than any other player in 2014. he has started just two games and his involvement during the champions league defeat to barcelona was restricted to 18 minutes at the nou camp .. bony will have to hit the ground running next season or his days at city could soon be numbered .. perhaps the argentinian should have taken the hint when harry redknapp tried to send him back to west ham before he had even kicked a ball for the r 's .. mauro zarate has failed to make an impression at loftus road during his loan. premier league rules meant he had to stay and , four substitute appearances later , zarate is yet to score or lay on a goal for his latest employers .. zarate fared slightly better at birmingham city in 2008 when , during another loan stay , he netted four times .. zarate scored two goals in seven appearances for west ham before being farmed out on loan. that , though , was not enough to keep the blues in the premier league and it looks as if he 'll have a second relegation on his c.v. come may .. callum mcmanaman ( west brom ). the # 4.75 m capture of mcmanaman from wigan was hailed as something of a coup given how he had impressed for the latics on occasion .. callum mcmanaman 's move to the hawthorns has coincided with west brom 's slip into relegation battle. but therein lies the problem with the combative forward -- getting him on the pitch and keeping him there .. talented , no doubt , but mcmanaman 's progress at the hawthorns has been curtailed by an ankle problem and six appearances later he is yet to trouble the scorers .. the scotland international was one of the stars of wigan 's unlikely fa cup victory in 2013. he has n't featured for over a month and , in that time , west brom have slid back towards the relegation mire .. mcmanaman 's arrival was intended to help safeguard against such a scenario , so in that respect the signing has disappointed .. big things were expected of the serbia international given ronald koeman 's prior knowledge of the skilful winger -- who played for heerenveen in holland - and southampton 's recent record in the transfer market .. ronald koeman brought in the talented forward , but filip djuricic is yet to complete 90mins for the saints. there have been flashes of promise but the 23-year-old is yet to play a full 90 minutes for the saints and now finds himself sidelined with an ankle problem .. djuricic -- on loan from benfica -- wants to make permanent his stay on the south coast , but injury could rob him of the chance to impress .. the on-loan benfica winger ( left ) will have to do more to make his move to st mary 's permanent
russian president vladimir putin said russia has key interests in common with the united states and needs to work with it on a common agenda. common with the united states and needs to work with it on a. common agenda , russian president vladimir putin said on saturday. in his comments to the state-run rossiya channel , putin. appeared to soften his anti-american rhetoric after being highly. relations between moscow and washington , and other. western powers , have soured over the conflict in russia 's. neighbor ukraine , sinking to an all-time low .. ` we have disagreements on several issues on the. ` but at the same time there is something. that unites us , that forces us to work together , ' putin said . '. i mean general efforts directed at making the world economy. more democratic , measured and balanced , so that the world order. ` we have a common agenda . '. putin has in the past fiercely attacked the united states. and the west in general , blaming them for the ukraine crisis ,. which russia says was the result of a western-backed ` coup '. against ukraine 's former leader viktor yanukovich .. russia has repeatedly denied accusations from kiev and the. west that it is supporting pro-russian rebels with troops and. weapons in eastern ukraine , where more than 6,000 people have. been killed since last april .. his latest remark comes two days after an annual tv phone-in. show in which putin accused the united states of trying to. dominate world affairs , saying it wanted ` not allies , but. on saturday , putin ( pictured above with u.s. president obama in november 2014 at the asia pacific economic cooperation summit ) said the u.s. and russia have a common agenda of general efforts directed at making the world economy more democratic , measured and balanced. during the thursday interview , he also made it clear that russia wants an end to fighting in eastern ukraine and is interested in rebuilding damaged ties with the united states and other western nations .. the u.s. and the european union imposed sanctions on russia over moscow 's annexation of the crimean peninsula and accusations of supporting separatists in ukraine .. at the same time , he reaffirmed his long-held criticism of what he sees as u.s. aspirations of global domination , saying washington must learn to treat russia as an equal partner .. ` the main condition for restoring normal relations is to have respect for russia and its interests , ' putin said on thursday , adding that the united states ` does n't need allies ; they need vassals . '. however , his criticisms of the west on saturday were more moderate. than in some previous appearances .. but , both russia and the west say they back a peace deal. agreed in minsk in february , as a result of which a ceasefire in. the donbass region is largely holding .
shaquille omar hallisey ( pictured ) hit a stranger over the head with a bottle leaving his victim with a fractured skull. a thug who hit a stranger over the head with a bottle leaving his victim with a fractured skull has been jailed for four years .. shaquille omar hallisey 's attack in cardiff was described by a judge as ' a savage demonstration of violence in a public place ' .. the 20-year-old 's victim matthew leeke , 38 , had been out with friends and was making his way home alone when the assault took place .. prosecuting counsel jeffrey jones said witnesses described seeing three males behind mr leeke in queen street .. they said the trio were arguing with mr leeke .. ` they heard one say " walk away or else you are going to get hurt " and then saw the defendant smashing a bottle over his head .. ` he collapsed , hitting his head hard on the pavings and the three ran off . '. mr leeke told police he remembered someone speaking to him and then people surrounding him trying to help .. cardiff crown court heard paramedics treated cuts to the back of his head and his forehead which had to be glued and stapled in hospital .. he was taken by ambulance to the university hospital of wales , cardiff , and a scan showed a fracture .. in a statement , he said he was now anxious to leave his house and was suffering dizziness and headaches .. he said his wife and parents had also suffered a great deal of upset over what happened to him in june last year .. judge philip richards acknowledged that hallisey 's guilty plea to wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm had been ` brave ' but said it had been a long time coming .. hallisey had been due to stand trial before he changed his plea .. ` you used a bottle as a weapon to strike another man over the head and he has been profoundly affected by it , ' the judge told him .. a judge at cardiff crown court ( pictured ) jailed hallisey for four years after he admitted to wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm. he also said that hallisey , of cardiff , had been the victim of violence himself when younger and now had a good partner who was standing by him .. the judge said : ' i hope you resolve never to come before these courts again . '. caroline rees , for hallisey , said her client had known prison was inevitable but that he had a supportive family .. ` he is normally a kind and gentle young man doing his best to live a good life against what has been a tragic background ' , she told cardiff crown .
werder bremen edged past bottom club hamburg sv 1-0 courtesy of an 84th-minute penalty by franco di santo that kept them in the running for a europa league spot .. argentine di santo converted his spot-kick for his 13th goal of the season after hamburg 's valon behrami had brought down zlatko junuzovic and was sent off as new hamburg coach bruno labbadia made a losing return to their bench .. franco di santo celebrates after scoring the winner for werder bremen in 1-0 defeat of hamburg. the former chelsea and wigan forward celebrates after beating rene adler from the spot. werder players celebrate in front of their fans after keeping their europa league hopes alive. werder moved up to seventh on 38 points with victory in the northern derby , leaving hamburg in last place on 25 with five matches left in the season .. labbadia returned to hamburg this week , tasked with saving their proud bundesliga record .. hamburg are the only team never to have played in the second division since the creation of the bundesliga in 1963 .. former west ham playmaker valon behrami leaves the pitch after being shown a red card. new coach bruno labbadia has been tasked with preventing hamburg from going down for the first time ever. second-placed vfl wolfsburg , on 60 points , will look to cut bayern munich 's lead back to 10 points when they take on schalke 04 later on sunday .. the bavarians are top after their 2-0 victory over hoffenheim on saturday .. bayer leverkusen are third on 54 points following their 4-0 demolition of hanover 96 .
your private medical information is under threat .. that 's according to a study that found almost 30 million health records nationwide were involved in criminal theft , malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years .. the incidents seem to be increasing .. compromised information included patients ' names , home addresses , ages , illnesses , test results or social security numbers .. most involved electronic data and theft , including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives .. the study did n't examine motives behind criminal breaches , or how stolen data might have been used , but cyber-security experts say thieves may try to use patients ' personal information to fraudulently obtain medical services .. breach : a recently-published study that found millions of health records in the us were involved in criminal theft , malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years ( file photo ). cases that did n't involve malicious intent included private health information being inadvertently mailed to the wrong patient .. hackings doubled during the study , from almost 5 percent of incidents in 2010 to almost 9 percent in 2013 .. hackings are particularly dangerous because they can involve a high number of records , said dr. vincent liu , the lead author and a scientist at kaiser permanente 's research division in oakland , california .. ` our study demonstrates that data breaches have been and will continue to be a persistent threat to patients , clinicians , and health care systems , ' liu said .. the study appears in tuesday 's journal of the american medical association .. a jama editorial says there 's evidence that the incidents are leading some patients to avoid giving doctors sensitive information about their health , including substance abuse , mental health problems , and hiv status .. ` loss of trust in an electronic health information system could seriously undermine efforts to improve health and health care in the united states , ' the editorial said .. author : dr. vincent liu , a scientist at kaiser permanente 's research division , was the lead author on the study. patients should be alert to cyber threats , including ` phishing ' emails from hackers posing as doctors , hospitals or health insurance companies , said lisa gallagher , a cybersecurity expert at the healthcare information and management systems society .. those messages require clicking on a link to get information , and patients should instead should call the purported sender to verify whether the email is legitimate , she said. patients should also double check doctor bills and other insurance company information .. ` do n't throw away your explanation of benefits .. take a look at them , ' gallagher said .. ` if you see care that was n't provided to you , or dates and names of providers that do n't make sense , go to the provider and report that . '. for the study , liu and colleagues analyzed an online database regulated by the u.s. department of health and human services and containing mandated reports of breaches in health information protected by federal privacy law .. over the four years , 949 data breaches were reported across the country .. the numbers climbed annually , from 214 in 2010 to 265 in 2013 .. nearly 60 percent involved theft .. prominent cyberattacks affecting two health insurance giants happened after the study .. last may , a data breach hit premera blue cross , affecting about 11 million customers and others .. and between last december and late january , hackers accessed an anthem inc. database with information on nearly 80 million people .. authorities believe hackers in china may be behind both attacks , gallagher said .. she said cybersecurity is among key topics at her nonprofit group 's annual meeting this week in chicago .. members include doctors , hospitals , health plans and sellers of electronic health record products .. intent : cyber-security experts say thieves may try to use patients ' personal information to fraudulently obtain medical services ( file photo )
an investigator has blamed sexism , including pornography sold at base stores , for the attitudes that led to army members joining british bikini models for a photo shoot .. one utah national guard officer was sacked and three other soldiers have been disciplined for their involvement with hot shots 2015 , where military vehicles became props for the group 's risque calendar and ` behind-the-scenes ' video .. ` too many soldiers do n't see a calendar shoot of this nature as something that is n't in harmony with our values , ' the investigator wrote of the event at camp williams , outside of salt lake city .. risque : a investigator blamed a sexist culture and pornography for the mindset that led a utah national guard officer to allow british bikini models to use a military base and equipment. cover up : the army times saw emails where members of the 19th special forces talked about removing references to their involvement and blamed ` uptight mormons ' for outrage of their time with the models '. i do n't believe this simply [ was ] a matter of a bunch of ` uptight mormons ' being upset over a video , ' the official said , according to the army times .. the unnamed investigator said he hoped the utah national guard recommended the removal of pornography and other media ` that promote sexist behavior and objectify women or men ' from military stores .. the army times also uncovered attempts by the special forces unit involved in the shoot to remove names and reference to their unit from hot shot material .. i did n't think it was that bad , not bad enough to hunt for blood , ' one email in the group read .. ` what can i say .. on a personal level ... awesome !. professionally ... hmmm. , ' another said .. three soldiers were disciplined with reprimands last year and forced to pay back the $ 200 in military fuel that was used for the shoot , which included the british models riding in tanks and firing a range of weapons .. the officer who lost his position and was forced into early retirement was a 19th special forces non-commissioned officer , typically a colonel or a sergeant .. though not authorized to do so , he approved soldier 's participation in the four-day shoot last may , where models used the space where special forces do drills to set up their makeup and hair stations .. equipment : two police officers ( left ) were also disciplined after participating in a day of the calendar video .. military equipment include a tank , an armored truck and a helicopter were all used during the five day shoot. on the third day of the shoot a soldier brought the models a tank to pose with despite not having orders to do so , according to the salt lake tribune .. one soldier was blamed for letting an untrained model drive an atv while he rode as a passenger. national guard members also helped the scantily-clad women gain access to a cobra helicopter and a mine-resistant armored truck .. after the video surfaced in october , the soldiers face charges of discrediting the guard , dereliction of duty , conduct unbecoming an officer , and the sale , waste or destruction of military property .. the three soldiers who sought permission from their senior officers were given disciplines ranging from reprimands to counseling .. the national guardsmen did not drink and did not get any compensation for participating , the investigator found .. in addition to the time spent at the tickville training area compound , the models also spent a day at a private shooting range .. two utah police officers who helped out at the range were also suspended without pay .. repercussions : one non-commissioned national guard officer lost his position and three others were reprimanded for their involvement .. models used drill space to set up hair and makeup stations. apology : the utah national guard said in a statement that it regretted its involvement in the shoot and would not tolerate the unauthorized use of federal and state funds .. soldiers were made to pay back $ 200 in fuel. the utah department of public safety imposed the discipline in december on rob wilkinson , a utah highway patrol sergeant , and justin hansen , a state bureau of investigation agent .. the department released its discipline records last week after receiving a request to obtain them .. wilkinson , who received a three-day suspension , and hansen , who received a one-day suspension , were at the big shot ranch near grantsville in june .. the two men were seen wearing camouflage uniforms identifying them as police in the video , posted on youtube in october .. neither wilkinson nor hansen sought their superiors ' permission to participate , and superiors learned of the activity only when they saw video clips played by the news media in utah , according to the records .. an acquaintance asked the two to help supervise the firing line where the models shot at targets , according to an internal affairs report .. the report also notes hot shots purports to donate a portion of its proceeds to charities for wounded soldiers in the us and uk .
do n't play h-o-r-s-e with this guy .... lebron james has been able to do just about anything he wants during his team 's first three playoff games this season and that has apparently carried over to practice as well .. james was at practice with his cleveland cavalier teammates on saturday at the td garden in boston before their game against the celtics on sunday afternoon .. during a break in the action , james decided to practice his long-range shooting .. lebron james hit a one-handed shot , which traveled almost the full length of the 94-foot court , on saturday. after he wound up for the shot ( left ) , james flicked it overhand ( right ) while his teammates watched him shoot. just before the long distance shot went through the hoop , james could be heard saying : ` give me my money '. the nba superstar grabbed a basketball and flicked it with relative ease at the hoop at the other end of the court .. the one-handed shot , which traveled almost the entire length of the 94-foot court , dropped through the basket with an audible swish .. just before the full-court shot hit nothing but net , ` king james ' said : ` give me my money ' .. it 's unclear who , if anyone james bet with , but james jones did seem as if he was trying to disrupt the former mvp 's concentration before the shot .. jones was also teammates with james when they both played for the miami heat .. in 13 career postseason games in boston , james is averaging about 29 points , nine rebounds , and six assists. after the video began to spread via social media , dwight howard of the houston rockets issued a response .. in a clip the team posted , the center is seen swishing a one-handed shot of his own while wearing a yellow backpack .. instead of tossing the ball overhand , howard used a motion that was one part underhand and one part sidearm to make his full-court shot find paydirt .. apparently superman - howard 's nickname - is just as powerful as the king .. after the video began to spread via social media , dwight howard of the houston rockets issued a response. the cavs hold a 3-0 lead in their eastern conference first-round playoff series against the celtics .. in 13 career postseason games at td garden , james is averaging about 29 points , nine rebounds , and six assists .. he has missed ten of the 13 three-point shots he has taken during the first three games of the series .. perhaps that is why he may have felt the need to bet with jones , a deadly long-range shooter , about his prowess from long distance .. if james and the cavs make it to the nba finals , it will be his fifth straight appearance .. he has won two championships but lost to the dallas mavericks and san antonio spurs .. james has missed ten of the 13 three-point shots he has taken during the first three games of the playoffs
gary neville believes louis van gaal 's greatest achievement as a football manager is the making of jose mourinho .. van gaal and mourinho come face-to-face on saturday when the former 's manchester united travel to premier league leaders chelsea .. the duo have been friends since they first worked together at barcelona in 1997 where they enjoyed a successful relationship at the camp nou .. louis van gaal 's ( right ) greatest achievement in football is the making of jose mourinho , feels gary neville. mourinho ( left ) and van gaal will come face to face again when chelsea host manchester united on saturday. mourinho ( left ) worked under van gaal as his assistant manager at barcelona for three years in 1997. with mourinho as the dutchman 's assistant , they won the la liga title twice in their first two years together in catalonia .. it was van gaal who entrusted and encouraged the portuguese to go into management - with the 52-year-old having won titles in portugal , england , italy and spain since as well as the champions league twice .. and in his column for the telegraph , neville says van gaal will be proud of his friend 's achievements . '. a former tory leader once said when asked what their greatest achievement was : " new labour , " the former united and england defender wrote . '. i can imagine louis van gaal , when answering the same question from a group of journalists , peering back from his desk and responding : " mourinho " . '. ahead of saturday 's clash at stamford bridge united have been dealt a quadruple injury blow with the news that phil jones , michael carrick , daley blind and marcos rojo will all be unavailable .. van gaal though will be able to call on the services of the in-form marouane fellaini .. the belgian midfielder has scored twice in united 's last four league games - including a header in their 4-2 derby win over rivals manchester city on april 12 .. marcos rojo ( right ) is one of four united players who will miss their league trip to chelsea due to injury. the red devils have in-form midfielder maraoune fellaini ( left ) available for the trip to stamford bridge. fellaini ( right ) scored united 's second goal in their 4-2 win over manchester city on april 12. and neville believes mourinho may try to nulify the threat of the big belgian midfielder by selecting john obi mikel or kurt zouma in midfield .. neville added : ` as for mourinho , will he blink and deploy john obi mikel or kurt zouma in midfield alongside nemanja matic to deal with marouane fellaini in that dangerous united left channel ?. ` if he does , how will his team get hold of the ball without the rhythm of cesc fabregas in that deeper role and feed an attack already hit by the loss of diego costa ?. i could see united having 60 to 65 % of the ball if mourinho does opt for this solution .. ` as a tactic , this would n't ordinarily worry the chelsea manager , but the idea of van gaal going to stamford bridge and not only winning , but also dominating the ball , would maybe open up the wounds of his early encounters with barcelona while coaching real madrid , when the barca purists outplayed and beat his team well .. i 'm also pretty sure it would not be something that roman abramovich would enjoy .. ` my hope is that they go for each other in a manner which suggests that both feel that they are superior in the football department . '. john obi mikel ( centre right ) could start in midfield for chelsea in a tactic to nullify the threat of fellaini
a car salesman who was high on cocaine murdered a prostitute by stabbing her 44 times before raping two more women at his home while his partner enjoyed a christmas night out .. steven mathieson , 38 , stabbed prostitute luciana maurer dozens of times in a frenzied and unprovoked attack at his home falkirk , stirlingshire last december .. as she lay dead on the floor , the father-of-two called two more vice girls over to his family home and raped them before they managed to flee while still naked .. his young son was asleep in the bedroom next door while he carried out the horrific crimes .. mathieson , who has previously been described as of ` impeccable character ' , pleaded guilty to murder and rape at the high court in glasgow today and now faces life in prison .. steven mathieson , 38 ( left ) , stabbed prostitute luciana maurer , 23 , ( right ) dozens of times in a frenzied and unprovoked attack at his home falkirk , stirlingshire last december , while his partner was on a night out. the court heard how the crimes occurred while he was left babysitting his young children while their mother - his partner of 10 years - enjoyed a night out .. the family had spent the day christmas shopping on december 4 last year and enjoyed a meal before returning home .. mathieson - described as being his ` normal self ' - then dropped one of his children at his grandmother 's home before returning to his house -- in a quiet residential neighbourhood - with his younger son .. his partner left the property for a work night out and he sent her a text which said : ` have a good night .. however , soon after he had put their young son to bed , mathieson used his phone to arrange for sex while his partner was out .. the court heard he regularly used sex phone lines but hid it from his long-term partner .. ms maurer , a romanian-born mother , was one of the escorts who arranged to meet him .. the 23-year-old , who had arrived in scotland just a few days earlier having moved up from london , arrived at his property at about 11pm .. however , within minutes , mathieson -- who was high on cocaine - stabbed her 44 times and cut her throat .. mathieson then sent a text to his partner which said : ` sorry xx ' .. his young child was asleep in the room next door while he carried out the harrowing crimes .. the court heard how ms maurer had defensive-type injuries suggesting she had tried to fend off her killer .. two other escorts , who mathieson had summoned , then arrived at his home , completely oblivious to the murder which had taken place .. ms maurer , a romanian-born mother , was stabbed 44 times by mathieson and had her throat cut. when they arrived , they found mathieson casually sitting on his sofa in the living room before he led them upstairs .. describing the horror that then met them , prosecutor jane farquharson said : ` mathieson went into the bedroom first .. ` he put on the light and hung back at the door whilst the women walked in .. ` as soon as they entered the bedroom , they saw the deceased , lying on her back and on top of the double bed . '. mathieson then grabbed two knives from a set of drawers before blocking the door .. one of the women begged mathieson to let them go but he grabbed their mobile phones and flung them away , the court heard .. he initially tormented them by stroking them with the knives before threatening to kill them if they did not follow his demands .. miss farquharson : ` he told both to remove their clothing and to dance for him .. ` in fear of what he might do and , with the body of the deceased lying on the bed in front of them , each did as they were told . '. mathieson went on to rape the pair , aged 26 and 22 - including attacking one after ordering her to lie beside ms maurer 's dead body .. the pair were trapped in the bedroom for 10 minutes before he ordered them downstairs .. once there , mathieson continued to humiliate them before raping them again .. miss farquharson said : ` over the course of the assault in the living room , he told them that his son was asleep in the bedroom upstairs .. ` he appeared to have an awareness of what he had done advising both : ` i 'm going to be many years in prison because i killed that girl .. ` i 've done this to show my wife something . '. mathieson then went to a window thinking his partner had returned and , sensing an opportunity to escape , the women ran for the door .. mathieson tried to chase them , striking one on the leg with a knife , but they managed to escape and ran to a nearby flat where a woman came to their aid .. miss farquharson : ` both repeatedly stated their thanks and asked for help .. they were crying and appeared to be terrified . '. after the women escaped , mathieson dialled 999 himself and told the operator : ` i 've been high on drugs and i 've killed a prostitute .. ` tell the officers i am not aggressive .. i 'm sitting on the couch .. i had two other girls , but i 've let them go . '. mathieson was still sitting in his living room when police turned up .. he got down on his knees and held out his hands when officers arrested him .. mathieson , a car sales manager , carried out the horrific crimes at his home in falkirk , stirlingshire ( above ) , while his partner went on a work night out .. he is facing life in prison after pleading guilty to murder and rape. his partner , clueless as to what had happened in her absence , arrived back at the family property at about 2am .. she was described as being ` hysterical ' upon learning what had happened .. mathieson , a sales manager , was remanded in custody at the hearing today and will return to the dock next month .. his court appearance was briefly interrupted today after he began crying hysterically and loudly retching as if he was going to be sick .. in what is rarely seen in court , his qc donald findlay left his own seat to sit beside mathieson in the dock and speak to him briefly before the case continued .. the court was given no reason for what caused him to carry out the horrific murder and rapes , but it is believed his drug problem may have been a factor .. in the spring of last year , he had started attending cocaine anonymous having built up a large debt .. his girlfriend was not aware of the drug habit until finding out about the cash he owed , the court heard .. mr findlay , defending , said that before his crimes mathieson had been of ` impeccable character ' , but said he now accepted ` full responsibility ' for his actions .. judge lord bannatyne deferred sentencing until may 7 .. speaking after the hearing , detective inspector dave pinkney , from police scotland , said : ` the incidents that took place within the property in springfield drive led to the death of one woman and left two other females traumatised and extremely distressed having been the victims of serious sexual assaults .. ` police responded quickly to the area and detained mathieson almost immediately .. ` following extensive forensic enquiries he was ultimately charged in connection with all of the reported offences . '. i would like to thank the victims and the family of luciana maurer for their courage and assistance during the course of this investigation .. ` while nothing can undo the pain steven mathieson 's actions have caused , they can take some solace in his conviction as we await his sentence . '
ben affleck is apologizing after it came to light that the academy award-winning actor and director asked that information be withheld from a pbs show about his family history .. after appearing on finding your roots and learning one of his ancestors was a slave owner , affleck pushed the network to leave that information out of the program it was first revealed by dailymail.com , a request the producers ultimately agreed to .. this enabled affleck to hide the identity of his ancestor , named today by the sun as james mcguire , who kept eight slaves on his farm in trenton in new jersey in the 1840s .. today the actor apologized for asking producers to leave out the name in a post on facebook , while also explaining his reasons for his decision .. ben affleck has apologized after he demanded information about a slave-owning relative be withheld from a pbs show about his ancestry. affleck took to facebook to issue his apology. ` after an exhaustive search of my ancestry for finding your roots , it was discovered that one of my distant relatives was an owner of slaves , ' wrote affleck . '. i did n't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves .. the very thought left a bad taste in my mouth . '. affleck went on to say he lobbied for that information to be withheld after filming the episode .. ` it 's important to remember that this is n't a news program .. finding your roots is a show where you voluntarily provide a great deal of information about your family , making you quite vulnerable , ' he explained .. ` the assumption is that they will never be dishonest but they will respect your willingness to participate and not look to include things you think would embarrass your family . '. he then added ; ' i regret my initial thoughts that the issue of slavery not be included in the story .. we deserve neither credit nor blame for our ancestors and the degree of interest in this story suggests that we are , as a nation , still grappling with the terrible legacy of slavery .. it is an examination well worth continuing . '. us genealogist debra fleming is said to have helped trace affleck 's family tree back to mcguire , a relative of his father timothy .. ms fleming told the sun : ` there are lots of farmers in the family .. slavery did n't end in new jersey until 1846 . '. affleck is just one of the many celebrities once again under fire after wikileaks sorted all the hacked sony emails into a system that makes them easier for the public to search .. pbs meanwhile is conducting an internal investigation to determine if this omission violated the network 's editorial standards .. they have yet to release a statement on their findings .. after an exhaustive search of my ancestry for " finding your roots , " it was discovered that one of my distant relatives was an owner of slaves .. i did n't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves .. the very thought left a bad taste in my mouth .. skip decided what went into the show .. i lobbied him the same way i lobby directors about what takes of mine i think they should use .. this is the collaborative creative process .. skip agreed with me on the slave owner but made other choices i disagreed with .. in the end , it 's his show and i knew that going in .. i 'm proud to be his friend and proud to have participated .. it 's important to remember that this is n't a news program .. finding your roots is a show where you voluntarily provide a great deal of information about your family , making you quite vulnerable .. the assumption is that they will never be dishonest but they will respect your willingness to participate and not look to include things you think would embarrass your family .. i regret my initial thoughts that the issue of slavery not be included in the story .. we deserve neither credit nor blame for our ancestors and the degree of interest in this story suggests that we are , as a nation , still grappling with the terrible legacy of slavery .. it is an examination well worth continuing .. i am glad that my story , however indirectly , will contribute to that discussion .. while i do n't like that the guy is an ancestor , i am happy that aspect of our country 's history is being talked about .. i was embarrassed , ' he wrote on facebook
jamelia has today responded to the furious backlash she is facing after saying that obese women ` should feel uncomfortable ' about their unhealthy size , and that high street stores should not be catering for them .. the loose women panellist said she was ` hounded on twitter ' after airing her views on the itv show in a discussion about overweight teenagers , and now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20 .. ` of course i do n't think we should ban plus-size clothes from shops , ' the 34-year-old mother-of-two said on loose women this afternoon . '. i was referring to extreme sizing , i was referring to health and how we should all participate in helping our youngsters to live healthier lifestyles . '. the loose women panellist said she was ` hounded on twitter ' after airing her views on the itv show in a discussion about overweight teenagers , and now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20. jamelia admitted she had found the anger directed towards her following her comments ` really difficult . '. she said : ` some of the things that have been printed i have actually said but not in that context ... it 's difficult to say your piece or to speak honestly when it kind of gets misconstrued in that way . '. jamelia 's co-panellists were quick to leap to her defence .. ruth langsford , 55 , stated : ' i definitely , categorically said we 're not talking about size 14 , 16 or even 18 . '. janet street porter , 68 , then said : ' i was completely in agreement with jamelia and i said you 've got to ask yourself if a young girl is already size 20-25 , can she run around with her children , can she enjoy life or is she storing up health problems for later ?. ` so i do feel like jamelia has been somewhat unfairly picked on . '. ` of course i do n't think we should ban plus-size clothes from shops , ' the 34-year-old mother-of-two said on loose women this afternoon ( pictured ) . '. i was referring to extreme sizing '. jamelia 's co-panellists , ruth langford ( left ) , coleen nolan ( center left ) and janet street porter ( right ) were quick to leap to her defence. earlier today , jamelia appeared on good morning britain to say that she was sorry for upsetting people . '. i did n't make it clear on the show that i was talking about extremes , i was talking about above size 20 and below size six , those sizes being available en masse , ' she said .. ` knowing that i offended people really upset me .. knowing that i made people question themselves and their choices , it really did upset me .. all i can do is apologise for that . '. but the star added : ' i do stand by what i said .. i 'm a real woman with real opinions .. i get paid to voice my opinions .. social media users weighed in on twitter , telling jamelia to ` keep it shut ' and accusing the singer of ` stirring up hatred ' on the topic. appearing on good morning britain earlier today , jamelia , pictured with gmb presenters kate garraway and susanna reid , said she still stood by her remarks. jamelia said of the reaction : ` it 's been absolutely awful but this is my job .. i believe we are all entitled to our opinion . '. i genuinely love people and believe everyone has the right to feel wonderful and feel beautiful and it was never my intention to make people feel any less than what they are . '. speaking on loose women yesterday , in the conversation which sparked the controversy , jamelia said : ' i do not think it 's right to facilitate people living an unhealthy lifestyle , in the same way i do n't believe that a size zero should be available - it 's not a healthy size for an average woman to be . '. the star also argued that clothing should n't be sold in a size zero either , because that too is ` unhealthy '. jamelia first response to yesterday 's twitter backlash was a quote ( pictured ). jamelia , who also claimed she was ` all for celebrating people as they are ' , added : ' i do n't believe they [ high street stores ] should be providing clothes for below that range or above that range .. ` yes , have specialist shops , but you should feel uncomfortable if you are unhealthy ... to be available in every high street store , i do n't think that 's right . '. viewers were were enraged by her comments and vented on twitter , with many declaring she should be ` sacked ' from the show , and not a single user taking her side .. ` i 'm so disappointed with jamelia 's comments on loose women today .. #plussizedebate , ' wrote one .. on monday , jamelia showed her support for a new good morning britain campaign dubbed #selfieesteem , which asks people to snap a first-take selfie and share it unfiltered ( pictured ). viewers were quick to criticise the former singer 's comments on twitter. one asked jamelia directly what ` large girls ' are supposed to wear , if not clothes. other fans said they were ` disappointed ' with the singer 's comments. the advocate for self esteem telling people that if you 're over a certain size you should n't shop on the high street .. idiot , ' argued another .. indeed , on monday the singer showed her support for a new good morning britain campaign dubbed #selfieesteem , by snapping a first-take selfie and sharing it on social media unfiltered .. jamelia responded to the twitter backlash with a quote yesterday afternoon .. ` never waste your time trying to explain , to people committed to misunderstanding you , ' she tweeted to her 34,000 followers .. jamelia , pictured in london last week , says she had found the anger directed towards her following her comments ` really difficult '
incredible footage has emerged of a mysterious pair of white lights seen hovering perilously close to to the chilean volcano eruption .. volcano calbuco , which has laid dormant for more than 40 years , suddenly erupted on wednesday causing a thick plume of ash to cloud the sky while thousands of people living in its shadow were forced to flee the ` apocalypse-like ' event .. hundreds filmed the eruption , near the southern port city of puerto montt , chile , and its deadly ash cloud which caused all nearby flights to be grounded for safety .. but one amateur cameraman was surprised to see what appeared to be white lights close to the enormous plume of ash and smoke rising from the mouth of the volcano .. mysterious white lights have been spotted hovering near chile 's erupting calbuco volcano on wednesday. a pair of strange glowing white lights were filmed floating perilously close to the smoke and gas clouds from the eruption. the pictures have since gone viral with internet user suggesting the lights were either police helicopters , an optical illusion or an alien aircraft. the footage shows the unexplained pair of lights floating dangerous close to erupting volcano before disappearing .. tens of thousands of people have speculated on what the ufo could be , suggesting everything from police or emergence services helicopters , to a kind of optical illusion or even an alien craft .. one youtube user , perkoff , believed it was time travelers .. he wrote : ` most ufos are not aliens like a lot of people think .. they are in fact time machines from the future .. the reason you see so many ufos at historic events is because people from the future want to come back in time and witness history .. a lot of these ufos are filled with students and are just going on a futuristic version of a field trip . '. bud ekins wrote : ` it wants to be filmed !. drones and planes do n't disappear like that . '. others argues it was something a little more mundane .. one youtube user wrote : ` for me , chances are it 's a drone . '. while francisco javier segurasaid : ` it 's a airplane , come on !. up in smoke : volcano calbuco , in southern chile , has erupted forcing 1,500 residents from ensenada , about 10 miles away , to flee their homes ( pictured , a view of the eruption from puerto montt , a small city around 20 miles from the volcano ). smoke and lava can be seen spewing from the calbuco volcano in this picture taken from the shores of lake llanquihue in puerto varas. an electrical storm lights up the night sky as a huge column of ash and lava shoots out of the volcano .. the eruption sparked a red alert in the port city of puerto montt. volcano calbuco , believed to be among the three most dangerous of chile 's 90 active volcanoes , had erupted for the first time at 6pm local time on wednesday .. an estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of ensenada after the eruption , while several smaller townships were also cleared .. experts said the main risk was now now of a pyroclastic flow - a superheated current of gas and rock that can destroy nearly everything in its path and travel at speeds upwards of 200 to 300 kilometers per hour .. gabriel orozco , a vulcanologist with chile 's geological and mining service , said : " in this situation , with the eruption column so high , the main risk is that it collapses , falls due to gravity because of its own weight and causes a pyroclastic flow , " .. locals described an apocalyptic scene as ash clouds were shot six miles into the air creating an incredible display of lightning and lava against the night 's sky .. another unexpected eruption in the los lagos region yesterday heightened fears of local waters becoming contaminated , residents developing severe breathing problems and more flights being grounded .. the ash covered cars and houses in cities as far as 18 miles away from the source of the eruption as another massive evacuation effort gets underway .. previous and equally violent eruptions at calbuco have continued for up to a week , according to a volcanologist from oxford university who told mailonline it is impossible to predict what will happen next .. the volcano is located near the tourist town of puerto varas and the city of puerto montt , a little more than 620 miles south of chile 's capital , santiago .. the national mining and geology service issued a high alert , setting up an exclusion zone of 12.5 miles around the volcano , barring access to the area .. trevor moffat , who lives in ensenada , some six miles from the volcano , said the eruption happened without warning .. volcano calbuco 's last major eruption happened in 1961 , with a weak eruption following in 1972 .. he said : ` it sounded like a big tractor trailer passing by the road , rattling and shaking , guttural rumbling ... we left everything there , grabbed my kid , my dog , got in the car with my wife .. mr moffat , who was originally born in canada , said he was now driving his family to puerto varas .. he added : ` all the neighbors were outside , a lot of young people crying .. dusted : a car covered in ash at the ensenada locality , on the outskirts of calbuco volcano. ghost town : most people have abandoned the la ensenada locality in puerto varas ( pictured ) which has been caked in ash despite being over 18 miles away from the massive eruption at calbuco volcano. boats dusted with volcanic ash deposited from the eruptions of the looming calbuco volcano , background , sit parked in front of a home. television pictures showed a spectacular mushroom-shaped column billowing into the sky with occasional lighting bolts shooting through it .. the eruption was seen up to 100 miles away in neighbouring argentina .. derek way , a resident of puerto varas , said : ` there are a lot of people out in the streets , many heading to the gas stations to fill up on gas .. a friend told me to fill everything we have with water . '. chile , on the pacific ` rim of fire ' , has the second largest chain of volcanoes in the world after indonesia , including around 500 that are potentially active .. in march , volcano villarrica , also in southern chile , erupted in spectacular fashion , sending a plume of ash and lava high into the sky , but quickly subsided .. volcanoes occur at the edges of tectonic plates which make up the earth 's crust , either where these plates are moving toward or away from one another .. eruptions occur when magma from the earth 's core forces its way to the surface , exploding through weak points in the crust .. unexpected : the volcano last erupted in 1972 , and while it is widely believed to be among chile 's most dangerous , it was not under observation before it erupted today ( the eruption pictured from puerto varas ). explosion : residents in nearby puerto varas go about their business while in the background the ash cloud from volcano calbuco is seen. green fields : the scene looked calm away from the fall out from the ash , but southern chile remains on alert
diego costa has identified chelsea 's crunch clash against arsenal for his latest hamstring injury comeback .. the spain international limped off just 11 minutes after coming on as a substitute in chelsea 's 2-1 win over stoke on saturday .. costa has been told he will miss just over two weeks following his latest hamstring setback , a problem that has dogged him all season .. diego costa is unlikely to miss the entirety of chelsea 's title run-in and could return within two weeks. costa limped off just 11 minutes into his return from injury in chelsea 's 2-1 win over stoke city on saturday. costa is likely to be fit to face arsenal in what could prove a key game in chelsea 's title run-in. the striker will not do any ball work at the club 's cobham hq this week , instead focusing on strength sessions and intensive massages on the injured muscle .. costa is also expected to see a specialist before he is given the green light to step up his rehabilitation regime .. the striker will definitely miss the games against queens park rangers and manchester united .. but the league leaders face second placed arsenal , in a clash that could prove pivotal in the title race on april 26 and costa is said to be determined to play .. chelsea 's trip to the emirates stadium is the most likely date for costa to return to jose mourinho 's side. costa has pulled out of a planned in-store appearance at chelsea 's club shop on wednesday. but jose mourinho will not take any unnecessary risks with his star striker and could decide against fielding costa against the gunners if the title is virtually sewn up by then .. depending on how the title race develops , the the club are considering giving costa an extended break between now and the end of the season to help him overcome his hamstring problems .. mourinho is determined to avoid the need for surgery and may decide to use the striker sparingly for the run-in depending on how close the title race pans out .. the chelsea striker had been subbed off against hull city before the international break with a similar injury. mourinho will be delighted by the news that his top scorer could be back soon , although he will miss him. in the meantime , loic remy is likely to lead the line in the blues ' short trip to face qpr on sunday afternoon
trevor noah does n't take over as daily show host until later this year , but he 's already ingratiating himself with american comedy royalty .. the south african , whose announcement as jon stewart 's replacement surprized many last month , was spotted taking in a baseball game in new york on monday along with jerry seinfeld , larry david and broadway star matthew broadrick .. the quartet were all present at citi field in queens to watch the game between the new york mets and the philadelphia phillies .. trevor noah was photographed on monday at citi field along with jerry seinfeld and larry david as the new york mets took on the philadelphia phillies during opening day. broadway star matthew broderick was also present as the south african comedian came to grips with that most american of pasttimes. earlier noah and seinfeld had been photographed filming a segment for seinfeld 's acclaimed comedians in cars getting coffee online series .. the pair were filmed walking around the dumbo neighbourhood of brooklyn and behind the wheel of a white ferrari .. noah 's very public appearance with new york jewish comedy royalty comes not long after he was accused of anti-semitism in the wake of his surprise promotion to daily show host .. cynics might wonder if monday 's very public appearance with seinfield and david was a concerted move to combat that negative publicity but alternatively perhaps the comedian is undertaking a crash course in learning about american culture .. his successor stewart had an infamous obsession with the mets that became a long-running joke on the daily show for over a decade .. noah , who is little-known in the us , rocketed to national fame last month after he was named as longtime host stewart 's replacement on the satirical news program .. earlier noah and seinfeld had been photographed filming a segment for seinfeld 's acclaimed comedians in cars getting coffee online series. noah and seinfeld were filmed walking around the dumbo neighbourhood of brooklyn and behind the wheel of a white ferrari. however , the excitement surrounding the announcement was tinged by hundreds of internet users accusing the 31-year-old - who is a quarter jewish - of anti-semitism for a series of ` offensive ' posts .. the comedian quickly apologized and told his two million followers : ` to reduce my views to a handful of jokes that did n't land is not a true reflection of my character , nor my evolution as a comedian . '. it comes as comedy central , which hired noah as a correspondent on the show just three months ago , has defended its newest star as a ` provocative ' comedian who ` spares noone , himself included ' .. in a statement , the network said : ` to judge him or his comedy based on a handful of jokes is unfair . '. it added : ` trevor is a talented comedian with a bright future at comedy central . '. noah , the son of a half-jewish xhosa mother and a swiss father , drew fire for jokes that were described as tasteless , hateful , and unfunny .. the controversial tweets were posted between 2009 and 2014 .. in may last year , noah tweeted : ` behind every successful rap billionaire is a double as rich jewish man .. noah 's very public appearance with new york jewish comedy royalty comes not long after he was accused of anti-semitism in the wake of his surprise promotion to daily show host. ` not a true reflection ' : in a tweet earleir this month , noah told his two million followers : ` to reduce my views to a handful of jokes that did n't land is not a true reflection of my character , nor my evolution as a comedian '. a year earlier , he posted : ` note to self - langostines are not jewish prawns . '. meanwhile , during a soccer match in january 2012 , he joked : ` messi gets the ball and the real players try foul him , but messi does n't go down easy , just like jewish chicks .. he also slammed the united states ' midsection in a 2013 tweet , writing that ` when flying over the middle of america the turbulence is so bad .. it 's like all the ignorance is rising through the air . '. and in 2009 , noah , who can speak an impressive six languages , wrote : ` almost bumped a jewish kid crossing the road .. he did n't look b4 crossing but i still would hav felt so bad in my german car ! '. on tuesday , the tweets were being posted online by enraged bloggers , who slammed noah as ` racist ' .. one said : ` jon stewart , born leibowitz , wo n't be happy about these highly antisemitic tweets . '. stewart has voiced his full support for his successor , calling the incoming host ` incredibly thoughtful and considerate and funny and smart . '. he promised that noah ` will earn your trust and respect .. just as i earned your trust and respect .. more seriously , he said if viewers give noah the chance to prove himself , ` it 's going to be well worth it . '
( cnn ) robert boardwine 's path to fatherhood was unconventional , but virginia 's appeals court said tuesday he is legally entitled to be a part of his son 's life .. boardwine 's friend , joyce bruce , had used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant .. she thought after she learned she was with child that they should just be friends .. she also thought that because they never had sex , she was entitled to be the boy 's sole parent , according to court documents .. the court of appeals of virginia decided differently in weighing the commonwealth 's assisted conception statute and denying bruce 's appeal to deny boardwine visitation .. it agreed with a circuit court ruling that method of insemination did n't come from medical technology .. " the plain meaning of the term ` medical technology ' does not encompass a kitchen implement such as a turkey baster , " the appeals court wrote in its decision .. bruce 's attorney , monica t. monday , said she would need to talk to her client before she can comment about whether they will file an appeal .. boardwine initially was hesitant when bruce approached him in 2010 with the turkey baster idea , the court document says .. they talked about writing their agreement down on paper , but that never happened .. they tried the turkey baster method a few times .. he 'd come over to her house , go to a room alone , bring his sperm in a plastic cup , they 'd chat , and he 'd leave .. then she 'd use the kitchen utensil and wait .. after she did n't get pregnant , she twice tried a fertility doctor .. she and boardwine tried a few more times , and in july , she learned she was going to have a baby .. boardwine came by the house with a stuffed bear and clothes for the baby .. he thought he was going to be able to see the newborn as often as he wanted .. she thought he could have " some involvement , " the appeals court decision says , but she would be the sole parent .. he 'd be like any other friend , certainly not have formal visitation .. over what to name the baby .. they did n't speak for more than five months after that .. the baby was born , and boardwine says he learned about the baby 's arrival from someone else .. he went to the hospital and saw the boy at bruce 's home .. joyce bruce said the visits were " strained . ". she told boardwine to stop coming .. so he took the matter to court .. bruce argued that she used " noncoital reproductive technology " to get pregnant , and boardwine was technically a sperm donor .. he argued that he always expected to be a dad , going to the kid 's games and taking part in making decisions on schools and medical needs .. a court-ordered dna test proved boardwine is the biological father .. the appeals court affirmed the lower court 's ruling , saying the turkey baster does n't constitute reproductive technology .. boardwine was awarded joint legal custody and visitation .. cnn also reached out to his attorney tuesday but did n't get a reply .. cnn 's tony marco contributed to this report .
since it was revealed that andreas lubitz -- the co-pilot who purposefully crashed germanwings flight 9525 , killing 150 people -- had been treated for psychiatric illness , a debate has ensued over whether privacy laws regarding medical records should be less strict when it comes to professions that carry special responsibilities .. it has been widely argued that germany 's privacy laws were to blame for the tragedy .. the times , for example , ran an article with the headline : ` german obsession with privacy let killer pilot fly . '. similarly , another article published in time said : ` german privacy laws let pilot ` hide ' his illness from employers . '. while dirk fischer , german lawmaker and the transport spokesman for the christian democratic union ( cdu ) , called for airlines to have mandatory access to pilots ' medical records , frank ulrich montgomery , president of the german medical association ( bäk ) , disagreed .. co-pilot andreas lubitz , who purposefully crashed germanwings flight 9525 , killing 150 people , had been treated for a psychiatric illness , it later emerged .. the discovery sparked a debate over whether airlines should be given greater access to pilots ' medical records. mr montgomery believes that current laws are appropriate , since aviation doctors are already relieved of their duties of confidentiality if they think a pilot could put other people 's lives at risk .. if lubitz 's doctor did not alert germanwings , it must have been because lubitz did not seem like a threat .. there are two arguments for why lubitz 's doctor did the right thing by not disclosing lubitz 's depression to his employer .. first , functional doctor-patient relationships depend on trust .. if confidentiality between patients and doctors is breached , patients will no longer trust their doctors .. and a lack of trust will lead ( at least some ) patients to hide some of their symptoms or refrain from seeking medical attention altogether for fear of bad consequences , such as stigmatisation and work-related penalties .. more dangerous than a pilot with a mental illness -- or any number of other professions that carry the responsibility of a great many lives -- is that one with a mental illness who will not seek treatment because he does not trust his doctor .. for these reasons , philosopher kenneth kipnis goes even further .. the passenger jet crashed in seyne-les-alpes , france while en route from barcalona to dusseldorf .. all 150 people on board were killed on impact. he argues that confidentiality should be ` far closer to an absolute obligation that it has generally taken to be ' and that doctors should honour confidentiality even in cases where the patient might harm a third party .. if patients come to doctors for help , doctors have a chance at avoiding a possible catastrophe .. strict german privacy laws which prevented doctors treating andreas lubitz from telling his airline about his ` suicidal tendencies ' were introduced as a consequence of the nazis .. the germanwings pilot had been forced to stop his training because of severe depression and had received psychotherapy for several years before last week 's alps disaster .. but german law meant it was left entirely up to him to volunteer his mental health problems to his employer , something he failed to do with devastating consequences after tearing up a sick note for the day of the crash .. the findings from the investigation have prompted heated debate in germany on a patient 's right to privacy , with chancellor angela merkel proposing an inquiry to re-examine the law .. draconian legislation was initially brought in after world war two to prevent a repeat of government spying during the nazi era and subsequently the stasi secret police in east germany .. this extends far beyond confidential medical data , however , to stringent protection of someone 's identity , meaning many german publications only referred to lubitz as andreas l , even after his death .. further data protection laws traced back to 1907 , which enshrines the ` right to your own picture ' , also mean images can only be published with the individual 's consent .. with respect to medical data , the criminal code means doctors are only allowed to breach confidentiality when they have reason to believe that sharing their knowledge could prevent ' a particularly serious crime ' or a threat to someone 's life .. they can face a year in prison if they wrongly breach privacy , but up to five years in jail for withholding ` credible information about the planning or commission ' of serious acts like murder .. despite the variation in sentences , doctors have tended to favour the individual 's privacy .. many in germany are now debating whether the potential to neutralise threats to public safety should trump doctor-patient privilege .. if patients lose trust in doctors and do not ask for help , nothing will be gained -- patients will remain afflicted by their illnesses and people who might be put at risk by patients will remain at risk .. in the days before the crash , lubitz searched online both for medical treatments and for ways to commit suicide , which suggests he was undecided as to what to do .. so another way of thinking about his scenario is that perhaps if he had trusted his doctor even more -- and shared with him or her the way in which he was thinking of committing suicide -- his doctor could have done more to help him and to protect the passengers of the aircraft he piloted .. lubitz 's doctor also did the right thing by not revealing his depression to germanwings because his depression was far from obviously related to his crime .. simon wessely , the president of the royal college of psychiatrists and an adviser to the british army , said that ` there is n't a link between depression and aggressive suicide ' .. jürgen margraf , psychologist and professor at bochum university , likewise told nbc news that , given the sheer weight of numbers involved , you are far less likely to be harmed by a person with depression than by a person without depression .. ` the chances of killing others are higher for non-depressed than for depressed people , ' he said .. furthermore , given the lack of relationship between depression and the pilot 's crime , it was not obviously in the public 's interest to know about lubitz 's depression and morally questionable that his medical history of depression has been exposed so freely .. in germany , medical confidentiality is supposed to be valid after death .. publicly disclosing lubitz 's ailment harms the public trust in doctor-patient confidentiality after death -- and it may stigmatise people who are suffering from depression but who would never hurt anyone ( but themselves ) .. the avoidable deaths of 150 people is a calamity and it makes sense to have a public debate about how to prevent future similar events from happening .. luckily , breaching confidentiality and endangering relationships between patients and doctors is not the only answer .. along with the crucially important rule of having two people in the cockpit at all times ( which violates nobody 's privacy ) , one medical measure to avoid future catastrophes is to notify employers of stay-home orders from doctors for employees who have high-responsibility jobs without mentioning the cause of the incapacitation .. lubitz reportedly had a sick note for the day he flew but never told the airline .. if they had been aware of the sick note things might have been different .
eight guards at nauru detention centre have been suspended after they posted anti-islamic messages on social media and were pictured with pauline hanson at a recent reclaim australia rally .. detention centre operator transfield services said the employees -- who are part of nauru 's emergency response team - were found to be contravening a company policy that they display ` cultural sensitivity ' .. a former staffer at transfield subcontractor wilson security said the guards -- seven of whom are former australian defence personnel - ` frequently referred to asylum seekers in their care as " the enemy " ' , the guardian australia reported .. nauru guards pictured with pauline hanson at the reclaim australia rally in brisbane earlier this month .. from left : dan connors , cody allen , alan hartley , beau james , pauline hanson , graham motley , simon scott , a man who does not work on nauru , jamie scannell and harley levanic. some of the guards were found to have posted on their facebook accounts promoting the controversial reclaim australia rallies -- which were held around the country on april 4 to protest against islamisation and the influence of ` minorities ' and ` radical extremism ' in australia .. all eight men were pictured posing with former federal mp pauline hanson -- well known for her anti-immigration and anti-halal stance - at the brisbane reclaim australia event .. in other social media posts some of the guards compared muslims to nazis while others accused companies with halal-certified products of supporting terrorism .. one guard , harley levanic , posted a picture to facebook in february of a new neck tattoo bearing the word ` infidel ' and tagged a number of other guards asking ` who is next boys ? '. another guard , beau james , commented on the photo : ` welcome to the gang ... well done old son .. harley levanic posted an image of a new neck tattoo reading ` infidel ' with the caption ` who is next boys ? '. mr james appears in a facebook photo wearing a t-shirt bearing the ` infidel ' slogan , and on the day before the reclaim australia rally he commented on a post linking muslims to nazis with the comment ` see yas tomoz boys !!!. bring your pitch forks ' , the guardian australia reported .. fellow guard simon scott -- whose facebook profile has now been deleted -- posted messages slamming companies for carrying halal-certified products .. ` do n't be unaustralian and buy these products .. let the filthy sub human genetic islamic filth have it , ' he posted .. mr scott also claimed that detention centres were ' 90 % full of wealthy iranians ' in facebook comments that have been deleted but still appear on google search cache .. and on a post detailing a plan to settle refugees bound for australia in cambodia , mr scott wrote : ' i do n't care where they send them as long as they do n't send them to australia . '. fellow guard simon scott -- whose facebook profile has now been deleted -- posted messages slamming companies for carrying halal-certified products. alan hartley shared a pro-military cartoon with a caption urging people to attend ` take back australia rallies '. alan hartley shared a pro-military cartoon with the caption : ` this picture shows why we all have to go to the take australia back rallies around the country before we lose what guys like these sacrificed their lives for that islam and its muslim extremists are trying so hard to disrespect and destroy !!!!!!!!!!. transfield services spokesman david jamieson said the guards had all made social media posts that breached company policy , in addition to being pictured with pauline hanson .. ` it 's not just the picture , ' mr jamieson told daily mail australia .. ` what they are alleged to have done appears to contravene policies we have around acceptance of cultural diversity .. ` these sorts of actions are totally unacceptable and we 're very concerned .. what is alleged to have been done is in no way representative of the broader workforce on manus and nauru . '. mr jamieson said the men had been stood down while an investigation was being conducted , and he did not know how long it would take .. when asked if the company now planned to monitor the social media accounts of other guards , mr jamieson said : ` i 'm not going to comment on what we might or might not be doing . '. the men are part of the 'em ergency response team ' stationed at the detention centre on nauru ( pictured ). former immigration minister tony burke listens to asylum seekers during his tour of facilities in nauru in 2013
the new york jets have added another former patriot to their roster in the shape of running back stevan ridley .. the 26-year-old has signed a one-year deal after suffering a tear to his right acl last season .. he played just six games as the patriots won their sixth straight afc east title and went on to win the super bowl .. ` sending love to all my day one fans , and every team-mate i 've had the pleasure to take the field with , ' ridley posted on instagram .. stevan ridley ( right ) became the 15th player to join the jets in a frantic free agency. ridley ( right ) celebrates the patriots super bowl win during their victory parade in boston. ` we all know it 's a business , yet it 's also a blessing .. so either way you see it , you 'll never understand .. ` love new england , love my former team-mates and i 'm truly thankful for the opportunity the patriots organisation has blessed me with .. however it 's #ontothejets . '. the jets will hope ridley reproduces the kind of form he showed in 2012 , where he rushed for 1,263 yards and 12 touchdowns .. he joins chris ivory and bilal powell at running back in a revamped jets offense , which features fellow free agent acquisitions brandon marshall and ryan fitzpatrick .. new head coach todd bowles has also taken darrelle revis back from the patriots and antonio cromartie to bolster an already dominant defense .. ` he 's excited for the opportunity and his rehab is going strong at this point , ' added his agent andy simms .
( cnn ) lane bryant has come up with a devil of an idea to market its lingerie while poking fun at a competitor .. the plus-size clothing retailer has launched an ad campaign for its cacique line titled #imnoangel , seeking to " redefine sexy . ". in a commercial posted on you tube , a group of plus-size models show off the bras and panties while saying things like " how boring would it be if we were all the same ? ". and " it 's all about how you feel . ". the campaign is a not-so-subtle dig at victoria 's secret and its very popular angels line , which caters to smaller women .. the lingerie giant was criticized last year for a campaign featuring the words " perfect body " over images of slender supermodels , and business insider reports that it is under increasing pressure from consumers to offer larger sizes .. lane bryant 's campaign is getting positive buzz in social media land , with the company being hailed for celebrating beauty of all shapes and sizes .. " our ' #imnoangel ' campaign is designed to empower all women to love every part of herself , " chief executive officer linda heasley said in a statement .. " lane bryant firmly believes that she is sexy and we want to encourage her to confidently show it , in her own way . ". the ads will be featured in the company 's stores , on television , in print and on billboards , as well as featured on the brand 's social media accounts .
the romantics will pick sean dyche or ronald koeman , the statistics lovers will go for jose mourinho or , at a push , arsene wenger .. but for me there is one standout contender for manager of the year and that 's louis van gaal .. think about what he walked into and what he was expected to achieve in a short space of time .. you can only be impressed .. the stricken patient was fading fast , but the dutch doctor has n't just stuck plasters over the wounds , he 's breathed life into a giant and resurrected it back to rude health .. manchester united boss louis van gaal is among those in the running for manager of the year. united 's players celebrate together during the derby win against rivals manchester city. wayne rooney , ashley young and juan mata celebrate during the 4-2 win against city. manuel pellegrini is punching above his weight at city ... the club must think big or forever remain small. forget eden hazard and michael carrick ... the best player in the premier league this weekend was leicester 's jamie vardy. how stupid do some english football ` experts ' look now ?. after the early-season defeats at mk dons and leicester city , they were laying into van gaal .. they should have known better .. when a manager as great as van gaal turns up in the barclays premier league , we should all be grateful to witness his genius at close quarters .. so while he was busy trying to rectify the massive problems he inherited at manchester united , there were too many who could n't wait to hammer him for every single slip-up .. and now they 've all gone quiet as united cement their place in the top four .. job done -- so far , at least .. the critics will probably say he has n't won anything .. listen , united were seventh last season , their defence was decimated in the summer , and this season the two big signings -- radamel falcao and angel di maria -- have , for different reasons , failed to hit the heights they achieved previously .. marouane fellaini celebrates scoring in this brilliant photograph taken by sportsmail snapper ian hodgson. despite all of that , van gaal has taken united back to where they wanted to be -- into the top four .. in fact , it 's mid-april and united are still in the title race ( unlikely , but they 're just a point behind arsenal so of course they 're still in it ) .. sunday 's derby victory was utterly convincing .. and it highlighted one of the biggest strengths of van gaal 's reign at united so far -- the way he has worked with and improved individual players .. all of a sudden ashley young looks brilliant -- it was n't just sunday , he 's been arguably united 's best player this season .. how many managers could have made young look convincing in a united shirt ?. at the start of the season i was asking the question about chris smalling and phil jones -- could they make the centre-half spots their own ?. i think that question is still pertinent , but those two played very well against city and are starting to look the part in the old trafford back four .. players once moaned about , such as fellaini and young , are now pivotal parts of the team under van gaal. van gaal 's belief in the value of repetition has worked and players like young and fellaini have benefited. michael carrick looks indispensible again , when even i was doubting if he would recover from the david moyes debacle .. and who knew marouane fellaini could be so influential for manchester united ?. even van gaal 's decision to give wayne rooney the captaincy looks inspired .. he 's had a brilliant season and he 's led the united resurgence on the field superbly .. impressive stuff , so all the critics need to calm down and pay a bit more respect to van gaal , he deserved a better reception from the english football public based on his career record alone .. a little more than a year ago manchester united were humiliated at home by city .. van gaal has single-handedly raised the sinking ship back to the surface , steadied it , and got it sailing full steam ahead .. he just needs to add a bit of polish next season .. angel di maria ( third right ) and radamel falcao ( right ) were left out of the starting xi by van gaal on sunday. van gaal shakes hands with his opposite number manuel pellegrini after the final whistle at old trafford
david silva declared himself fit on sunday night despite fears he had fractured his cheekbone after being caught in the face by cheikhou kouyate 's elbow .. the manchester city star was carried off in the win over west ham following eight minutes of treatment on the pitch , where he was given oxygen .. he went to hospital as a precaution but later posted on social media to ease fans ' worries , and the club announced on monday that tests showed no fracture .. david silva ( left ) receives an elbow to the face by the on-rushing cheikhou kouyate in the second half. the spaniard was caught right on the cheekbone and has been taken to hospital to be assessed. silva turns around in pain before receiving several minutes treatment and being given oxygen. ` many thanks to all the messages of support , all the tests have gone well and i 'm already home .. the three points is what was important ! '. kouyate was only booked by referee anthony taylor and city boss manuel pellegrini believes the senegal midfielder did not mean to injure his player .. ` i always think that a player does n't want to damage another player , ' he said .. ` the referee was so near and he decided it was unintentional .. ` he decides what happens and gave a yellow card .. i hope that it was an accidental collision .. ` at this moment silva is in hospital and they are checking if he has a broken bone in his cheek .. it looked serious but we must wait for what happens at the hospital . '. asked if silva has been knocked unconscious , pellegrini added : ` i do n't know .. the doctor has some doubts about that .. after that he recovers well so we are checking . '. west ham manager sam allardyce claimed that the incident was ` accidental ' , saying : ` it was innocuous .. i did n't think it was a foul .. ` everybody thinks it is more serious attack from cheikhou than it was .. ` it was n't deliberate at all .. he has no idea , it has happened from behind him .. i have seen the reaction from the video on the laptop . '. silva was given put in a neck brace and given oxygen as his concerned team-mates looked on. city bounced back from their defeat in the manchester derby to win 2-0 through james collins 's own-goal and sergio aguero 's 20th premier league strike of the season .. pellegrini 's side are now one point behind third-placed manchester united , who lost at leaders chelsea on saturday , in the race for a top-four finish and seven clear of liverpool in fifth .. ` i think it was very important for our team to win , ' said the city boss .. ` we were coming from two defeats in a row , and always when one is a derby it is worse . '. after seeing the hammers fail to win for the 10th time in 11 games , allardyce said : ` the most disappointing thing was the goals we gifted city .. the two mistakes we make for the goals , one was pretty bizarre and the other unexpected from a player as experienced as stewart downing . '. the loss of silva will be a big blow to manchester city if his facial injury is as serious as first feared. silva was taken off on a stretcher before being rushed to hospital as manuel pellegrini has a nervous wait. jamie carragher believes the fa have no option but to look into the incident . '. i think they will look at it .. it 's one of those where no one knows but him if he meant to do it .. it was like when costa stamped on skrtel .. ` nobody can say 100 per cent , only he knows but you know as players , there are certain challenges or when you 're running past someone you think - i can get away with this . '. i think he 's gone past and gone i 'll leave one on silva and i 'll put my hands up like i never meant it .. you could n't prove it but it does n't look good and should have been a red card . '
the u.s. navy has sent a nuclear aircraft carrier and a guided-missile cruiser to the waters near yemen to help beef up security and join other american ships that are prepared to block iranian shipments .. the uss theodore roosevelt and the uss normandy left the persian gulf on sunday and are steaming through the arabian sea and heading towards yemen .. the vessels are believed to be joining other u.s. ships that are poised to intercept any iranian ships carrying weapons to the houthi rebels fighting in yemen .. the navy has been beefing up its presence in the gulf of aden and the southern arabian sea amid reports that about eight iranian ships are heading toward yemen and possibly carrying arms .. the uss theodore roosevelt , a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier ( background ) , was dispatched to the gulf of aden to blockade an iranian flotilla carrying arms .. the carrier is pictured here with the uss vicksburg cruiser - similar to the uss normandy which was also sent to the gulf of aden. the guided missile cruiser uss normandy is pictured here .. the cruiser is escorting the roosevelt to the gulf of aden. navy officials said there are about nine u.s. warships in the region , including cruisers and destroyers carrying teams that can board and search other vessels .. the officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the ship movement on the record .. but speaking to reuters on monday , a pentagon spokesman denied the ships were on a mission to intercept iranian arms shipments .. one u.s. official said the presence of the u.s. warships off yemen give american decision-makers options for action in the event the situation deteriorates .. the other u.s. warships in the region include two destroyers , two mine-sweepers and three amphibious ships carrying 2,200 u.s. marines .. the shi'ite muslim houthi are battling government-backed fighters in an effort to take control of the country .. the houthi fighters sidelined the central government after seizing the capital sana'a in september and expanding across yemen , which borders oil giant saudi arabia .. closing in : the uss theodore roosevelt and the uss normandy left the persian gulf on sunday ( seen on the map ) and are heading through the arabian sea towards yemen , according to reports. the u.s. has been providing logistical and intelligence support to a saudi arabia-led coalition , which has been launching airstrikes against the houthis .. that air campaign is now in its fourth week .. the u.s. navy generally conducts consensual boardings of ships when needed , including to combat piracy around africa and the region .. so far , however , u.s. naval personnel have not boarded any iranian vessels since the yemen conflict began .. white house spokesman josh earnest would not comment specifically on any navy movements in yemeni waters , but said the u.s. has concerns about iran 's ` continued support for the houthis ' .. ` we have seen evidence that the iranians are supplying weapons and other armed support to the houthis in yemen , ' he said .. ` that support will only contribute to greater violence in that country .. ` these are exactly the kind of destabilizing activities that we have in mind when we raise concerns about iran 's destabilizing activities in the middle east . '. he said ` the iranians are acutely aware of our concerns for their continued support of the houthis by sending them large shipments of weapons ' .
one man has curated a spooky collection of nine old dolls , which which he claims each have their own personalities .. ian rogers , 36 , became hooked on all things paranormal as a child and took part in his first ghost hunt in the year 2000 .. since then he has spent hundreds of pounds on the creepy collection ... and he 's on the hunt for more to add .. ian rogers owns nine haunted dolls all of which he says contain their own personality. ian 's favourite doll is annabel , who he thinks is haunted by a seven-year-old girl who drowned. ian , who is single , and a vehicle image inspector , from leicester , says that his obsession with the supernatural began at a very young age .. ` it started when i was a kid and i was looking into the loch ness monster and ghosts . '. i went on a couple of ghost walks and then went on a hunt .. it got me hooked . '. the # 50 haunted dolls , which ian gets from jayne harris , a professional in paranormal activity , are said to contain the spirits of people who have passed on .. jayne keeps the dolls for around six months to get an idea of their personalities before selling them on .. ian says that he always goes to jayne for the dolls because that way he can be sure of their authenticity . '. i know that i can trust her , ' he says .. ` if i bought them from ebay then there 's no guarantee that they 're actually haunted and i could just be being ripped off .. ` jayne is able to give me a bit of background about the dolls but i enjoy learning about them myself .. ian , who is single , became interested in the supernatural as a child and now is hooked on haunted dolls. ian will often take his dolls to events and get people to guess their back stories .. pictured : left - hubert an old man who likes to play games .. right - esme , a lady in her seventies who died of natural causes. ian used to share his collection with his sister but she found the dolls too mischievous. ian is pictured with the puppet , little is known about him other than he likes jazz and may be from belgium. although he is fond of his whole collection ian definitely has a favourite : annabel , a doll who he believes is haunted by the spirit of a seven-year-old girl who drowned while playing with her brother .. ian says that each of his dolls has their own story and he often asks others to try and figure out what might have happened to them .. ian said : ' i take the dolls with me to events that i host and get people to guess their stories .. ` if someone guesses three things that we already know correctly then they get some money off .. ` one lady said she could sense an ` annie ' so i went to get annabel .. she said she 'd died and felt trapped .. ` as soon as she picked up the doll she said she felt soaking wet , and that she knew annabel had drowned . '. ian holds sessions with the dolls where guests interested in the paranormal can undertake a variety of activities .. ian also holds sessions with his dolls where guests can undertake different paranormal experiences .. pictured : simon , who committed suicide after the death of his own mother. ian avoids buying his dolls on ebay as he says there is no guarantee that they would be haunted .. pictured : harriet who is said to be a 17-year-old girl who is angry , but not vicious and committed suicide. the dolls were previously shared between ian and his sister , but his sister wanted to get rid of them after they started causing her too much mischief , for example hiding her keys .. however ian says that he has n't been put off in the slightest and is even looking at investing in other supernatural souvenirs . '. i would love to get more haunted dolls , and i 'm looking into other items .. i would love to get a haunted mirror . '. ian hopes his next paranormal purchase will be a haunted mirror. annabel : a seven-year-old girl who drowned while playing with her brother .. a happy child usually wearing a floral dress .. jocelyn : a five-year-old french girl who was abducted from a market when shopping with her mother .. ian gets the smell of coffee from her .. harriet : a 17-year-old girl who is angry , but not vicious .. hubert : an old man who does not give too much away .. he likes to play games .. sarah : a middle-aged school governess who died in a fire while trying to save children .. esme : a lady in her seventies who passed away from natural causes .. she likes to be in the kitchen and had a husband that died of tb .. max : an raf pilot who died in the second world war .. he had a little girl who was five who he misses very much .. he gave up his life to care for his sick mother , but when she passed away he took his own life .. the puppet : not a lot is known about the puppet , but he likes jazz and is possibly from belgium .
jason dufner 's marriage has landed in the rough as he agreed a divorce settlement from wife amanda at the end of last month .. dufner and wife amanda married in 2012 and were considered one of the golden couples of golf , but the pair separated in february and the divorce was finalised on march 31 .. according to the divorce settlement , filed on march 16 by amanda , there had been an ` irretrievable breakdown of the marriage ' and there was ' a complete incompatibility of temperament that the parties can no longer live together . '. jason dufner looks dejected as he struggles on the golf course following a neck injury last year. dufner and amanda during happier times after he won the pga championship in 2012. amanda was regularly seen on the golf course supporting jason dufner. dufner married amanda back in 2012 - but separated in february 2015. as part of the settlement amanda has been awarded $ 2.5 million ( # 1.8 m ) while jason will keep two of the couple 's houses .. dufner has struggled this season as he recovers from a neck injury which he picked up at the end of last year , and has posted just one top 10 finish in eight starts .. his next scheduled start is the masters which starts on april 6 .
a white supremacist gunned down his gay boss for sexually abusing one of his young relatives , he told the court during his first appearance on tuesday .. ` doing time 's the easy part , you know what i 'm saying ? '. kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , said as he was ushered out of the courtroom in daytona beach , florida .. he is accused of walking into wayne county community college in goldsboro , north carolina on monday and killing his former supervisor , ronald lane , 44 , before fleeing on a motorbike .. he was arrested more than 500 miles away early on tuesday after officers found him sleeping on a florida beach .. he will be extradited back to north carolina to face a charge of open murder .. in court : kenneth stancil , pictured in court on tuesday , said he ` ridded one last child molester from the earth ' as he appeared before the judge in daytona beach , florida .. he is accused of killing his former boss. outspoken : even though he was advised of his right to remain silent , he reportedly admitted to the killing. on tuesday , he appeared relaxed in the courtroom and , despite the judge advising him he had the right to remain silent , he admitted to the killing , wral reported .. he confessed to the shooting in an obscenity-laced statement , saying he ` ridded one last child molester from the earth ' , according to the station .. he said lane , who had been his supervisor at the college 's print shop until stancil was fired last month , had been ` messing with ' one of stancil 's family members .. stancil did not file a report about the alleged molestation with local authorities , according to the wayne county sheriff 's office .. after stancil was denied bond , he told the judge he did not blame him for the decision , and he was assigned a public defender .. the 20-year-old had been a work-study student who reported to lane , but he was dismissed from the program in march because of too many absences , according to the college .. arrested : stancil , left , shot dead his former work-study supervisor ron lane , right .. the student , who was close to completing his three-year welding course with top marks , was dismissed from his job last month. by his side : stancil 's mother debbie , pictured at his graduation , said lane had made unwanted sexual comments towards her son , but she denied her son 's claim that lane had abused a young relative. tragedy : lane is pictured right with his long-term boyfriend , chuck tobin , who took his life last year. police have said they are investigating the shooting as a possible hate crime .. authorities would not elaborate but they confirmed lane was gay .. they are also investigating stancil 's possible links with white supremacist groups .. on facebook , he describes his interests as ` white pride ' and calls himself the ` white knight ' .. he also has multiple white supremacist tattoos across his body , including ` brother hood ` across his neck and ' 88 ' beneath his eye .. the number eight represents the eighth letter in the alphabet - h - and so is 88 understood to stand for ` heil hitler ' .. but his mother has claimed her son 's tattoos marked a wannabe rather than someone with neo-nazi beliefs .. lane had worked at the college for 18 years .. his boyfriend of 12 years , chuck tobin , took his life last july after leaving their home and his remains were found in november .. stancil 's mother , debbie , has claimed that lane had fired her son without notice and claimed that he had ` made inappropriate sexual advances toward ' him .. remembered : students gather at a memorial at wayne community college for ron lane on tuesday. memorial : flowers are seen at a makeshift memorial for lane , who had worked at the college for 18 years. ` he was verbally inappropriate with [ him [ at school .. very much verbally inappropriate , ' she said .. ` he would tell him to stop and he kept on . '. but she said she knows the relative was not sexually abused by lane , as stancil claimed in court , because the child and lane had never met .. she said she believes her son made the accusations because he is ` rattled and confused ' .. she also said that her son never recovered after finding his father in the backyard when he had killed himself in 2009 , and said he was angry after being dismissed from his campus job .. ` he had a moment of insanity , ' she told the associated press . '. that is not my son .. he 's probably out of his mind .. i think he needs mental help . '. stancil had no criminal record before the shooting .. take over : a military style swat vehicle from the johnston county sheriff 's office arrived at the college after the 8am shooting on monday .. it is believed that stancil targeted lane before fleeing the building. evacuated : students were seen congregating in the college parking lot on monday morning. swoop : authorities enter the home stancil shares with his mother and two younger brothers on monday. he was on the school 's dean 's list with a grade point average of 3.6 or better and due to graduate in july with a degree in welding technology , the school said .. he was a boy scout who wrote in the letter he left explaining his deed that he still hoped to marry his girlfriend , his mother said .. after fleeing the scene on monday , stancil was arrested at 1.20 am on tuesday in daytona beach , florida as a massive manhunt continued in north carolina .. he was taken into custody after deputies from the volusia county beach patrol approached him for violating an ordinance that prohibits sleeping on the beach . '. i can say with confidence that mr. stancil had a calculated plan , and he carried out that plan , ' goldsboro police sergeant jeremy sutton said during a tuesday news conference .
they spent the weekend larking around enjoying easter together .. but new reports have suggested that all is not as rosy as it might seem when it comes to katie price and kieran hayler 's marriage .. indeed , it was reported today in closer magazine that katie still regularly checks kieran 's phone and makes him tell her whenever she is going out , following his cheating scandal last year .. it was also claimed that she no longer allows him to go to the gym as katie worries that kieran 's obsession with his looks could feed into his sex addiction .. it has been reported today that katie price still has n't forgiven her cheating husband kieran hayler. the singer sam bailey , who is a close friend of katie 's and attended her recent wedding , told closer : ` katie panics if she sees kieran hanging around any women .. she 's scared he 's going to run off with them . '. kieran famously cheated on katie with not one , but two of her best friends , jane poultney and chrissy thomas in 2014 .. at the time , katie , who was pregnant with her daughter bunny , slammed both women saying : ' i would not wish it on anyone .. it 's actually disgusting what those two human beings have done to me and it 's cruel . '. but the former glamour model - who now has two children with the 28-year-old - decided to stick by her man and kieran underwent sex addiction therapy for his problems .. kieran cheated on katie with two of her best friends chrissy thomas ( left ) and jane poultney ( right ). however , the road to relationship recovery has not been an easy one for the pair .. indeed when the couple recently renewed their vows katie did n't hold back in her wedding speech .. that she went to town on keiran : ` it was quite dramatic !. , ' she said , ` my speech started by saying , " some of you are probably wondering why we 're sitting here about to renew our vows after only being married two years " .. ` then i said , " this is why " , and i basically summarised everything that 's happened , him sleeping with my best mates when i was pregnant ... i did n't hold back !. ` afterwards everyone was saying to me that it was so hard-hitting they thought i was suddenly going to announce that i did n't want to be with him anymore .. ` then his speech played where he apologised for everything he 's done .. then he met me at the end of the aisle and walked me down it . '. katie decided to forgive her husband for cheating , however , relationship expert tracey cox has revealed it can be hard for people to move on. tracey cox , relationship expert , says that it is possible to forgive someone for cheating but you have to be very clear about where you see your relationship going and how you want it to be .. here 's her top tips for getting over an infidelity .. spell out what you want tracey says : ` you must make it abundantly clear what you will and wo n't put up with in the future .. spell it out as specifically as possible .. what constitutes cheating to you ?. ` make them repeat back to you what you 've said to them , so there is no chance at all they have n't understood .. - make it clear that you will not tolerate another ` mistake ' .. any hint of infidelity and it 's over . '. you do n't always need the details. tracey says : ` ask yourself , do i need to know the details .. some people need to know exactly what happened , why , when , where in order to move forward .. others do n't want any details other than why their partner felt the need to stray . '. tracey says : ` decide on how ` transparent ' you need your partner to be .. for some , they can only forgive if their partner removes all passwords on emails and their phone , allowing them to look through whenever they feel insecure .. however this can go wrong : ` the risk with this is that the person who cheated constantly feels mistrusted , plus emails and texts can be misconstrued .. some people are flirtatious with everyone and what seems to you like a threat , might mean nothing . '. tracey says : if you feel insecure , ask for reassurance .. if your partner is n't willing to do this , they are n't worth giving a second chance .. tracey says : ` start afresh .. the old relationship is dead .. start a new , fresh one .. katie also admitted : ` i 'll never forgive him and i 'll never forget . '. now relationship expert tracey cox has revealed that it can be quite common for couples to struggle after and infidelity .. she said : ` once someone has cheated on you , you 're forced to rethink the whole relationship .. infidelity breaks the trust bond and destroys the " you and me against the world " feeling close couples have .. ` it takes time to rebuild trust , sometimes the betrayal is felt so deeply , it 's impossible to regain .. and it 's even harder if the person has cheated more than once : ` if a partner cheats once , with time , some relationships recover .. but with repeated cheating , it 's much more difficult .. ` people do make mistakes but to make the same mistake over and over , that becomes an ingrained pattern of behaviour .. ` you take a risk forgiving infidelity even once because you 're effectively saying ` you got away with what you did to me ' .. ` to forgive it several times means you are condoning that behaviour and basically given someone permission to cheat on you . '. representatives for katie price declined to comment when contacted by the mailonline .
manchester city 's hopes of retaining the premier league title were dealt another blow as manuel pellegrini 's men limped to a 2-1 defeat at crystal palace .. glenn murray fired the eagles ahead on 34 minutes with a close-range effort before jason puncheon scored a stunning free-kick to secure a 2-0 lead .. yaya toure grabbed one back for the visitors , but it was n't enough to stop city from losing further ground on league leaders chelsea .. here , sportsmail 's sami mokbel takes us through the key moments of the match .. thought manchester city players did n't crowd referees , manuel ?. aggrieved at michael oliver 's decision to let glenn murray 's opener stand , city players were quick to surround the referee -- delaying the restart .. how will pellegrini explain that one ?. manuel pellegrini will struggle to defend his city players after they crowded referee michael oliver. kompany gets up in the referee 's face as the city captain shows his clear frustration at selhurst park. palace fans were n't incredibly optimistic ahead of last night 's clash .. here 's why : city had recorded seven victories in a row against palace .. alan pardew 's side had also failed to score in their last three league games against them .. and to top it off , as newcastle boss pardew had lost his last eight league matches against city by an aggregate score of 23-3 .. jason puncheon 's stunning free-kick helped cyrstal palace to a memorable win against manchester city. punchon celebrates his goal and is congratulated by palace team-mate james mcarthur ( right ). wonder what fa chairman greg dyke made of manchester city 's starting xi yesterday .. with james milner and frank lampard on the bench , manuel pellegrini named a team without a single english outfield player for the 16th premier league game this season .. former england midfielder frank lampard ( pictured ) and james milner were left on the bench for city. but for goalkeeper joe hart , all of city 's starting line-up against crystal palace were foreign players. joel ward made his 100th appearance for palace on monday night .. alan pardew fears there may not be many more as the impasse over a new contract continues .. crystal palace defender joel ward ( left ) tussles for the ball with city midfielder david silva ( right ). crystal palace manager alan pardew gives instructions to his players from the touchline at selhurst park
disabled children can face a lot of challenges - but one photographer from washington wants to make sure they recognize that they all have a super-human ability to conquer any challenge set before them .. for the superhero project , renee bergeron , 38 , photographs children with special needs as superheroes , dressing them up with capes , goggles , and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything . '. i think a lot of people look at others with special needs and think of them as " less " in some ways , ' mrs. bergeron , who also has a parenting blog , recently told the mighty .. ` let 's face it , though -- these kids are all fighters .. the obstacles they overcome daily just to cope in our world ought to make us all see them as superheroes . '. caped crusader : avery , pictured , was photographed for renee bergeron 's superhero project ; avery was born prematurely , has had multiple brain surgeries , and has a feeding tube in her stomach. powerful shots : mila , left , suffers from speech disorders , while mordecai , right , was diagnosed with fetal alcohol spectrum disorder and has several missing fingers and toes. mrs. bergeron 's first little superhero subject was her own son , apollo , now four .. apollo was diagnosed with a rare heart defect when he was 18 months old and , in addition to undergoing several medical procedures and surgeries , had to be fitted with a feeding tube at a young age .. despite his health problems and the tube protruding from his stomach , when apollo was two , mrs. bergeron said , he would pose for pictures with ` such strength and confidence ' .. his mother knew that one day apollo might feel self-conscious about the tube , so she wanted to document him looking strong and proud , in the hopes that the images might inspire him to feel that way again later on in life .. proud princess : victoria , pictured , was born with congenital femoral deficiency , which affects her legs , hips , and knees. super cute : mrs. bergeron 's son apollo , left , was her first subject ; melanie , right , is autistic , epileptic , and has sensory processing disorder. after speaking to other moms of children with special needs on facebook , mrs. bergeron decided to take similarly empowering photographs of more disabled children .. in 2013 , she began working on the the superhero project , taking pictures of children with physical disabilities , autism , and sensory disorders free of charge .. after apollo , she photographed avery , a little girl born prematurely who underwent multiple brain surgeries , melanie , a four-year-old with autism and epilepsy , and cody , a red-headed boy with down syndrome .. tough cookie : mrs. bergeron says she ` seriously fell in love with ' cody , pictured , who has down syndrome , sensory processing disorder , and speech apraxia. watch out , bad guys : avi , pictured , faces ' a variety of sensory and social challenges ' , but is still ` vivacious and full of life '. ` my hope is that we can spread awareness about special needs , while giving encouragement to families through the gift of professional photography , ' she explained on her website .. she continued : ` while their special needs are what brought them to the shoot , i wanted the images to capture their individual spirits . '. mrs. bergeron and her husband , chuck , also have 13other children , nine of whom are biological and five of whom are adopted .. apollo , born in june 2010 , is their youngest child .
nick scholfield is lined up to ride spring heeled in the grand national at aintree on april 11. nick scholfield has been lined up to ride jim culloty 's spring heeled in the crabbie 's grand national at aintree on saturday week .. scholfield had been expected to partner paul nicholls-trained sam winner , who was pulled up in the cheltenham gold cup , in the # 1million race .. but the champion trainer said on wednesday it was unfair to tie scholfield down to a gelding which is far from certain to run when the mount on another leading definite contender is being offered .. scholfield , who has ridden in six nationals and finished third in 2013 on teaforthree , will travel to ireland to sit on spring heeled at culloty 's county cork stable on friday .. nicholls said : ` i have not made up my mind if i am going to run sam winner yet and nick needed a decision .. ` i did not want to get into a situation next week when i had to say " sorry mate , he is not running " and did not want to stop him getting a good ride .. ` i have not pressed any buttons on any of the horses who ran at cheltenham .. that will happen over the weekend and early next week .. i do n't want to run unless i am really happy .. ` i have plenty of other lads who could ride sam winner if he runs and would not be afraid to use will biddick or harry skelton . '. spring heeled ( right ) wins the fulke walwyn kim muir challenge cup at cheltenham last year. spring heeled , winner of fulke walwyn kim muir challenge cup at last season 's cheltenham festival , has been given a national preparation .. the eight-year-old has run only once since finishing fourth to road to riches in the galway plate in july when he was fourth of five in the bobbyjo chase at fairyhouse in february .. racemail revealed on wednesday that culloty would have two runners in the national .. robbie mcnamara will ride his 2014 gold cup winner lord windermere .. scholfield rides teaforthree ( front ) as the horse jumps the last fence at aintree in the 2013 grand national. mcnamara said : ` it 's a great ride to get and i 'm looking forward to it .. i 've ridden him before in a grade one in leopardstown and i was supposed to ride him in the hennessy there as well , but i broke my collarbone the day before .. i 'm delighted to get back on him . '. with nigel twiston-davies-trained double ross another confirmed non runner , david pipe 's well supported soll appears guaranteed a run at the bottom of the weights .. luke morris became the first jockey to ride 100 winners during an all weather flat racing season when a double at chelmsford on wednesday aboard giantouch and middle east pearl carried him to 101 successes for the campaign .
anthony davis had 31 points and 13 rebounds as the new orleans pelicans earned their first play-off berth since 2011 with a 108-103 victory over the san antonio spurs on wednesday .. davis , who 'll make his play-off debut against the golden state warriors , came through in the waning minutes with two jumpers , two blocks and two rebounds to prevent the spurs from pulling off a 23-point comeback .. tyreke evans had 19 points and 11 assists , and eric gordon added 14 points for new orleans , which had to win to make the post-season because oklahoma city also won in minnesota .. the teams finished with identical records , but the pelicans held the tiebreaker on head-to-head results .. new orleans pelicans ' playing and coaching staff celebrate after reaching the nba play-offs on wednesday. anthony davis ( right ) had 31 points and 13 rebounds as the pelicans beat the san antonio spurs 108-103. jrue holiday added 11 points , capped by game-sealing free throws with 9.5 seconds left .. tony parker had 23 points and borris diaw 20 for san antonio , which needed to win to secure the second seed in the western conference playoffs .. the loss ended the spurs ' 11-game winning streak .. oklahoma city 's russell westbrook scored 37 points in the thunder 's 138-113 victory over minnesota that was rendered moot by new orleans ' play-off-clinching win over san antonio .. the thunder needed to a win in the regular-season finale and a loss from the pelicans to make the playoffs .. westbrook locked up his first scoring title to hold up his end of the bargain , but the pelicans beat the spurs .. that means the thunder will miss the playoffs for the first time since westbrook 's rookie season in 2008-09 .. oklahoma city 's russell westrbook ( left ) scored 37 points in their 138-113 win vs minnesota timberwolves. the brooklyn nets clinched the final eastern conference playoff spot , beating the orlando magic 101-88 and getting help when memphis knocked off indiana .. brooklyn earned the no 8 seed and will visit top-seeded atlanta on sunday for their play-off opener .. if indiana won , the nets would have missed the post-season for the first time since moving to brooklyn in 2012 .. in memphis , tennessee , marc gasol had 33 points and 13 rebounds as the grizzlies downed the pacers 95-83 to end indiana 's playoff hopes .. memphis earned the western conference 's fifth seed with the victory and home-court advantage in a series with fourth-seeded portland , winners of the northwest division .. over in the east , the brooklyn nets are through to the play-offs after beating the orlando magic 101-88. marc gasol 's ( left ) 33 points helped condemn the indiana pacers to a 95-83 defeat at the memphis grizzlies. the golden state warriors finished their best regular season in club history after klay thompson scored 25 points before resting in the second half of a 133-126 win over the denver nuggets .. starters on both sides rested most of the game , with the warriors tuning up for the play-offs and denver long out of contention .. the biggest developments for golden state , which secured home-court advantage throughout the play-offs a couple weeks ago , came on the out-of-town scoreboard .. the houston rockets downed the utah jazz 117-91 after james harden had 16 points , 11 rebounds and 10 assists in just three quarters for his fourth triple-double of the season .. klay thompson ( right ) scored 25 points as the golden state warriors beat the denver nuggets 133-126. tyson chandler had 22 points and 15 rebounds as the dallas mavericks beat the portland trail blazers 114-98 , while lebron james sat out cleveland 's regular-season finale to rest for the play-offs as the cleveland cavaliers came back to beat the washington wizards 113-108 in overtime .. in other games , kyle lowry scored 26 points as the toronto raptors finished the regular season with a club record 49th victory , beating the charlotte hornetts 92-87 , the chicago bulls came back to beat the atlanta hawks 91-85 and the boston celtics defeated the milwaukee bucks 105-100 .. the los angeles lakers ended then season with their worst record in club history after losing 122-99 to the sacramento kings , the detroit pistons trounced the new york knicks 112-90 and the miami heat were 105-101 winners over the philadelphia 76ers .
for the 0.01 per cent , booking holiday travel is a far different experience than it is for the rest of us .. instead of scrolling through holiday deals on bargain-finding websites , these ultra-wealthy individuals prefer to take off on a moment 's notice and sort out any over-the-top accommodations and activities upon arrival .. to get a glimpse inside this elite - and rarely planned - world , mailonline travel spoke to wedding and event planner sarah haywood , who has helped organise ceremonies and honeymoons for everyone from celebrities to fortune 500 businessmen .. for the super-wealthy , money is of no concern when it comes to booking private jets and chartering yachts. ` most of our clients have a private travel consultant , ' haywood explains to mailonline travel .. ` there are several really upmarket agents where you pay a fee annually to have them take care of all your travel . '. haywood reveals that she often works with these agencies , where she estimates that membership fees for such a service start at about # 50,000 .. ` these are n't companies you 'll find online , ' she adds .. ` the people that they 're working with do n't plan and they expect things to be catered to their whims . '. victoria hoffman , founder and ceo of the miami-based concierge & events by victoria , tells mailonline travel that some of the most common last-minute request include special access to exclusive events , such as the cannes film festival , the academy awards or tickets to the white house correspondence dinner .. victoria hoffman , who owns her on us-based concierge service , reveals she 's had clients request special access to exclusive events such as the cannes film festival. specialist italian travel company , bellini travel , set up by emily fitzroy 15 years ago , is so exclusive that it only caters to a carefully selected list of 100 clients a year .. ` as we look after a limited number of people each year , we can pull in huge favours , ' emily said .. ` for example , we 're just in the middle of negotiating to close the uffizi for a client who only has 24 hours in florence , but wants to see botticelli 's birth of venus on his own .. brown and hudson describe themselves as the antidote to everything that is packaged and unconsidered about today 's luxury travel business .. their bespoke service , which charges a minimum of # 1,000 simply to create an itinerary for potential clients , has an impressive portfolio of bespoke experiences they have orchestrated for guests .. alexander martin , director of luxury lifestyle website the envy group agrees that for the super-rich , it 's not about what you give , so much as the amazing experience behind it .. ` our clients - or ` friends ' as we call them - are very successful and generous people , and we help them create unique lifestyle experiences that goes far beyond booking a table at an amazing restaurant .. ` we recently organised the world 's only tiffany-blue bentley for one of our friends , and created a 20ft tiffany-inspired remote-controlled hydraulic gift box complete to deliver it in . '. and if you 're heading to the luxurious five-star properties hoping to catch a glimpse of some of the world 's wealthiest individuals , do n't bother .. haywood tells us the the ultra-elite do n't often check in to big hotels , much preferring somewhere private for their opulent getaways .. ` this is above just a private island in the maldives , ' she tells us .. ` people with this kind of money are n't looking at what 's fashionable , they 're looking for privacy and security .. ` the world 's wealthiest like to stay low profile , so we 'll be looking at places where they can do that . '. hoffman agrees , explaining that more and more clients have been asking her recently to rent villas and help them to live like a local .. instead of splashing out on a luxurious suite , the ultra-rich prefer to rent their own private maldivian island. haywood cites cote d'azur and the maldives as two locations favoured by her a-list clientele , while hoffman notes that she has planned extravagant vacation experiences everywhere from paris to italy .. ` we once provided access to coco chanel 's apartment and private jewellery collection , ' hoffman tells mailonline travel .. ` the entire experience was a day in the life of coco in which the clients dined and had afternoon tea in many of the places in paris she frequented .. ` in other scenarios , we have given privileged access to the private estates of winemakers in bordeaux , burgundy and piedmont .. ` in one case , my client wanted to relive the 18th century , so we had period costumes and horse-drawn carriages for the day .. in another , we created a progressive feast in which each course was served at a different historic home in italy . '. travel around the world by private jet. hurlingham travel - price on application. checking in with the hoi palloi at overcrowded airports and squeezing into a tiny seat can be a tiresome experience at the best of times .. if you 're a frequent traveller , treat yourself to a comfortable arm chair recliner aboard a vip boeing 757 , accompanied by a team of logistics experts and a doctor to tend to your every whim .. watch the monaco grand prix from the comfort of a private luxury yacht. bon vivant - from # 3,000 depending on the yacht position ( flights not included ). the monaco grand prix is synonymous with style and glamour but why not up the ante even furhter and watch it on board your very own private yacht ?. you 'll be treated to full hospitality during the qualifying rounds on saturday and race day on the sunday , including breakfast , lunch and canapés , as well as champagne all day .. take part in a rickshaw race across india. quintessentially - from around # 15,000. driving in india can be a hair-raising experience , but driving a rickshaw must surely be up there with nail-biting rides ?. quintessentially 's trip to take part in a rickshaw race will take in the sights , sounds , smell and traffic in this incredible country .. just please fasten your seatbelt .. visit every unesco world heritage site in one holiday. hurlingham travel - from # 1million. if you 've ever wondered how many unesco world heritage sites there are , and how long it would take you to visit them all , the answer is 922 and roughly two years .. at the time of going to press , the companies are in negotiations with a chinese phd student who is hoping to be whisked off on this incredible adventure once he completes his studies .. hoffman tells mailonline travel that exclusive access to private wine estates in france is a common request. one of hoffman 's most impressive travel experiences included creating a ` day in the life ' of coco chanel for a client visiting paris. elite wedding and event planner , sarah haywood , explains that the ultra-wealthy prefer not to book in advance. haywood has also had very last minute requests that she has had to sort only hours before - and from many miles away .. ` once , somebody was on a post-wedding shoot and they wanted a white horse at sunset , ' she remembers .. ` finding a white horse at sunset , it is possible and it did happen , but for a few hours it was quite touch and go .. ` and it turns out that white horses are actually grey , not white . '. haywood reveals that one traveller once asked her to find a white horse at sunset for a post-wedding shoot - only hours before they needed it !. in future , these one-of-a-kind holiday experiences will only become more popular .. ` people want a customised vacation focused around an annual event or theme , ' hoffman says .. but such an extravagantly-themed getaway will cost you - as much as $ 100,000 for a dinner , depending on who its with .. ` pricing structure varies , ' hoffman adds . '. a vip experience to france or italy in which two people explore special access historic unesco sites not generally open to the public could have a starting range of $ 7,000 ( # 4,540 ) , whereas dinner with a celebrity or athlete could have a starting cost of $ 100,000 ( about # 65,000 ) . '
stephen curry scored 27 points and klay thompson had 25 as the golden state warriors held off the los angeles clippers 110-106 on tuesday for their 10th consecutive victory .. david lee added 17 points for the warriors , who had lost four in a row at staples center .. the clippers blew a 17-point lead and had their seven-game winning streak broken .. blake griffin had 40 points and 12 rebounds , chris paul added 27 points and nine assists , and j.j. redick scored 14 .. golden state warriors ' stephen curry reacts after making a three-pointer against the los angeles clippers. drake was courtside at the staples center to watch the la clippers ' home match. paul 's layup drew the clippers to 106-104 with 12 seconds left , but he was called for a backcourt violation taking an inbounds pass from deandre jordan with nine seconds left .. thompson and curry combined for four straight free-throws to close out the win for the pacific division champions .. elsewhere , brooklyn beat indiana to reclaim sole possession of the eighth and final play-off spot in the eastern conference with its season-high fourth straight victory .. brook lopez had 24 points and 11 rebounds and joe johnson added 21 points , including five straight after the pacers got within three with about two minutes left .. the nets moved back ahead of boston and dealt a blow to the pacers , who fell 1.5 games behind brooklyn for the final play-off spot .. they visit the celtics on wednesday .. san antonio spurs guard tony parker scored 16 points against miami heat in his 1,000 th nba game. the east-leading atlanta hawks , meanwhile , stumbled on the road , losing to detroit 105-95 .. andre drummond had 22 points and 13 rebounds for the pistons , who have won five of six .. thabo sefolosha scored 19 points for the hawks , who have dropped two of three .. in miami , tony parker scored 16 points in his 1,000 th nba game and kawhi leonard had 22 to lead san antonio past the heat 95-81 .. san antonio stayed no 6 in the west , and could clinch a play-off berth on wednesday in orlando .. the heat remained in the no 7 spot in the eastern conference but now are two losses behind milwaukee and only a half-game up on brooklyn .
despite his daughter remaining in a medically induced coma since she was found unresponsive in a bathtub at her atlanta home in january , singer bobby brown told an audience on saturday night that she is ` awake . '. bobby was performing at the verizon theatre in dallas when he told the stunned audience that ` bobbi is awake .. she 's watching me . '. the singer did n't elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking instead about her spirit .. after the 46-year-old 's comment , his sister tina posted on facebook , ' [ bobbi ] woke up and is no longer on life support !!!!!. :) : ) god is good !!. thanks for your prayers , , still a process , but she is going to be ok :) :) :) :) . '. but tmz reported on monday that whitney houston 's family insists the 22-year-old is not awake and is the same condition she was when she entered the facility .. singer bobby brown was performing at the verizon theatre in dallas on saturday night when he told the stunned audience that ` bobbi is awake .. ` she 's in the exact same condition she was in when she went into the facility . '. a source told the site , adding the budding singer will only blink occasionally .. she is still on a ventilator .. there have been reports in recent weeks that bobby and his desire to keep his daughter on life support is at odds with the family of his deceased ex-wife whitney houston .. bobbi kristina 's aunt pat houston and grandmother cissy houston both believe that the time has come to take her off life support as she has shown no signs of improvement .. ` of course bobby wants krissy to wake up and return to her life .. that 's all he wants .. but there does n't seem to be a lot of hope and the houston family is resigned to the fact that keeping krissy on life support may not be the best option , ' a source told the inquistr .. ` they do n't think what bobby is doing is the best thing for her . '. a source close to bobbi kristina 's family reportedly said that ` nothing has improved ' for her even after she was moved to the dekalb medical facility in atlanta in mid-march .. according to sources , the family is also concerned if bobby brown will remain available to make an emergency medical decision for bobbi kristina as he might head to australia next month .. bobby brown spoke for the first time about daughter bobbi kristina in los angeles a week ago on saturday and admitted : ' i du n no what the hell i am going through right now , but i am giving it to god and letting him deal with it '. unresponsive : on january 31 , bobbi kristina brown was found unresponsive in her bathtub .. she 's been in a coma ever since. last week , bobby brown made his first public appearance since the aspiring actress was hospitalized by performing at the soul food festival in los angeles .. during the 11 april performance the singer admitted ' i du n no what the hell i am going through right now , but i am giving it to god and letting him deal with it . '. in an emotional outburst during a concert bobby appeared close to tears as he referenced his daughter 's ongoing battle for her life .. he looked tired and grief stricken at times during his performance , his first public appearance since bobbi kristina fell into a coma .. the one-time boy band star shied away from talking in detail about his daughter but instead admitted these were ` rough times . '. however , in an odd moment during his 45-minute set , he took time out to promote his range of bbq sauces .. bobby performed a set of his old hits for 4,000 fans at the soul food festival in downtown los angeles after months staying by his daughter bobbi kristina 's side .. the 46-year-old was given the biggest cheer of the night as he took to the stage to play hits like do n't be cruel and on our own .. after his drawn-out introduction bobby , looking tired from performing dance moves , choked up as he said : ' i must tell y' all .. this feels really , really really good . '. i want to thank all of y' all for coming out tonight to support me and my family .. broke his silence : the former boy bander 's appearance was booked before bobbi kristina fell into a coma .. it was also brown 's first time discussing the matter in public. ` rough times are rough times , hard times are hard times i du n no what the hell i am going through right now , but i am giving it to god and letting him deal with it . '. panting and sounding frustrated : ' there is only one thing i ask of you all tonight and that is enjoy yourselves . '. smiling he added : ` do n't be cruel , come on , ' referring to one of his biggest hits the 80s .. after a few other tunes , bobby needed a break from the stage to rest while his boyband performed a number .. bobby needed a towel to wipe his face and often looked out of breath as he relived dance moves from his glory days .. later he was a little less emotional as fans cheered his performances of hits like roni and rock witcha .. had a booth : brown told the la crowd , ` listen i have been doing a lot of things and been working on a lot of projects from real husbands of hollywood to my own stuff to my new album to my new edition to heads of states and i have been working on my food line ; actually you all can get some food right there , in my booth '. looking toward his stand where his bobby brown bbq cooking tent was set up at the festival , he told the crowd : ` listen i have been doing a lot of things and been working on a lot of projects from real husbands of hollywood to my own stuff , to my new album , to my new edition to heads of states , and i have been working on my food line .. actually you all can get some food right there , in my booth . '. i will over there in a little bit later , if you want to buy some barb e cue sauce , seasonings , chicken and a couple of sausages .. i don ' t know what my wife is cooking - whatever it , is is good .. you have got to get the season ing , because the seasoning is off the chain , i must let you know . '. bobby then asked a bandmate to talk about another brand , but fired back : ` mine is much better , low in sodium content , low in salt for us folk if , you understand what i am saying .. ` so i made this for us . '. wiping away sweat from his face , he added : ' i ai n't done with it yet .. i got marinades and all kind of s *** coming out . '. he then corrected himself : ` excuse my french baby girl .. i did n't mean to curse in front of you .. he then introduced his new r&b boy band band ` who can saanng . '. ` you just listen and tell me if you like it . '. back to work : brown 's pregnant wife alicia etheredge was also at the food festival , selling bobby brown 's bbq sauce. bobby 's appearance marks his first time away from bobbi in months .. he had been scheduled to make the appearance before his daughter 's accident .. bobbi remains hospitalized and in a coma after being found unconscious and face-down in a bathtub on january 31 .. the soul food festival is among a string of appearances bobby is contractually obligated to fulfill / the singer is also scheduled to leave daughter bobbi to tour in australia .. even though he does n't want to go , the promoters are holding the distraught father to his contractual obligation , tmz reports .. bobbi kristina remains on life support in a long-term care center in atlanta , georgia , after being treated at the city 's emory university hospital where the ex-husband of whitney houston visits her regularly .. reportedly bobby has the final say as to whether the young woman 's support system is turned off .. :) : ) god is good !
a 46-year-old man was sentenced to life in prison on monday after shooting dead a father and son because they were related to a driver who killed his nine-year-old sister in a crash 45 years ago .. alfred guy vuozzo swore loudly as he was told he would not be eligible for parole for 35 years for murdering brent mcguigan , 68 , and his son , brendon , 39 , on prince edward island last august .. as he was escorted from the courtroom , he screamed : ` you 've sentenced me to life and i sent them to death ' , while the judge called the brutal double-murder an act of ` hatred and misdirected vengeance ' .. vuozzo was two years old when his older sister , cathy , was killed in a crash in 1970 .. brent 's father , herbert , who was behind the wheel , later received a nine-month sentence for dangerous driving .. ` revenge ' : alfred guy vuozzo , 46 , has been sentenced to life in prison after shooting dead brent mcguigan , 68 , and his son , brendon ( both pictured ) , 39 , because they were related to a driver who killed his nine-year-old sister in a crash 45 years ago .. the defendant was told that he will not be eligible for parole for 35 years. crash : vuozzo was two years old when his older sister , cathy , was killed in a crash in 1970 .. brent 's father , herbert , who was behind the wheel , received a nine-month sentence .. above , a newspaper photo of the crash. after more than 40 years of torment , vuozzo confronted the driver 's son , brent , and grandson , brendon , in their home on st mary 's road , near the town of montague , ctv news reported .. he shot them both in ` execution-style ' killings to avenge his sister 's death - despite neither victim having had anything to do with the crash that had claimed the life of his sibling all those years ago .. in february , vuozzo pleaded guilty to the first-degree murder of brent and the second-degree murder of brendon .. at the time , he told the court that when cathy was killed , ` our lives were ruined ' .. he added he had needed to do something for her .. ` call me a cold-blooded killer , but i 'm not , ' he said .. before his sentencing on monday , vuozzo said herbert 's ` short ' sentence ` has haunted me all my life ' , saying : ` that 's all her life was worth .. she only had nine years in this world .. shooting : after more than 40 years of torment , vuozzo confronted the driver 's son , brent , and grandson , brendon , in their home near montague , prince edward island , and shot them .. above , police at the scene. emergency vehicle : he killed both in ` execution-style ' slayings to avenge his sister 's death - despite neither victim having had anything to do with the car crash that claimed the life of his sibling all those years ago. however , crown lawyer john diamond told the provincial supreme court in charlottetown that vuozzo was a ` cold-hearted ' murderer who had shot his victims with a handgun to get ` revenge ' .. he was a cold-hearted and calculated individual , ' he told the court , cbc reported .. mr diamond also called the double-murder on august 20 ` callous ' , ` pointless ' , and the worst crime in the island 's history , adding that it has caused life-long pain for surviving mcguigan family members .. in a victim impact statement , brent 's wife and brendon 's mother , marie mcguigan , who was home at the time but was not targeted by a hell-bent vuozzo , said ' a part of me died with them that night ' .. attack : in february , vuozzo pleaded guilty to the first-degree murder of brent and the second-degree murder of brendon .. he said that when cathy was killed , ` our lives were ruined ' .. above , the scene of the killings. meanwhile , brent 's only daughter , donna , said she has been consumed by hatred . '. i feel so much anger and hatred that it scares me .. i hate that they died this way and it haunts me , ' she sobbed .. at an earlier hearing , gerald quinn , prosecuting , explained how cathy had been fatally thrown from a car being driven by her father when it was struck by mr mcguigan , who was driving a truck , in 1970 .. the youngster 's father and two other children also received minor injuries in the crash , but herbert was not injured , the eastern graphic reported .. cathy died on the scene near commercial road .. mr mcguigan has since passed away .. referring to brent and brendon , quinn said : ` these two men , by all accounts , were good hard-working men , had no involvement whatsoever in the motor vehicle accident years ago , at all .. he added : ` this gentlemen [ vuozzo ] had no familiarity with them other than knowing who they were .. he walked into the home and he shot them both multiple times and killed them . '. thane maceachern , defending , argued that the defendant had no previous criminal record and had suffered from depression and mental illness prior to the shootings , according to cbc .. vuozzo , of lower montague , will be 81 by the time he is eligible for parole .. the first 25 years ' ineligibility are for his first-degree murder charge , while the other 10 years are for killing brendon .. in 2011 , federal legislation was passed allowing courts to impose consecutive periods of parole ineligibility in cases where defendants have been convicted of multiple murders .
seoul , south korea ( cnn ) lee min-bok did n't laugh once when he watched " the interview . ". the north korean defector calls the hollywood comedy " vulgar , " admitting he could n't even watch the whole film .. yet he is still sending thousands of copies across the border from south to north korea in balloons , determined his people will see the movie in which the leader kim jong un is assassinated on screen .. " the regime hates this film because it shows kim jong un as a man , not a god , " says lee .. " he cries and is afraid like us and then he 's assassinated . ". kim is portrayed in the movie as a katy perry-loving , sensitive soul with daddy issues , clashing with the all-powerful image beamed out by pyongyang 's tightly controlled state media and propaganda machine .. at 1 a.m. , lee makes a final check of the wind speed and direction , then heads towards the border with north korea .. the south korean police and military drive closely behind .. after pyongyang fired on similar propaganda balloons recently , they are monitoring launches very closely .. " we can help towards reunification with these balloons , " says lee .. " it costs millions of dollars to buy a f-22 fighter jet which the south korean government insist they need and that 's not for peaceful purposes .. so why do civilians like me have to do this under cover of darkness ? ". at 3 a.m. , lee fills the balloons with helium and ties the bundles of dvds , dollar bills and political leaflets to the bottom .. a timer is attached which will release the bundle once safely in north korean territory .. he has no way of knowing what will happen to the goods after that .. he does n't know if ordinary north koreans will watch the movie and read the leaflets .. the fact that pyongyang acts with fury against these so-called propaganda balloons suggests some information is seeping through to the hermit kingdom .. " if you tell the truth in north korea , you die .. but by using these balloons from here , i can tell the truth in safety , " lee adds .. the decision to launch the balloons in the dead of night is not just to avoid confrontation with north korea , but also with south korea 's local residents .. after pyongyang fired on balloons last october and south korea returned fire , those living close to the border have been trying to physically stop the launches , arguing they are being put in the line of fire .. the chances of at least some north koreans having watched the film that north korea sees as " an act of terrorism " is certainly possible .
money will not play a major part in pep guardiola 's contract discussions with bayern munich , according to board member jan-christian dreesen .. the former barcelona boss , who led bayern to the bundesliga title and german cup in his first season in charge , has a contract which expires in the summer of 2016 .. chairman karl-heinz rummenigge revealed earlier this year that negotiations over a new deal will take place this summer as bayern look to extend guardiola 's stay at the allianz arena .. pep guardiola is set to enter into contract negotiations with bayern munich at the end of the season. bayern munich 's players celebrate after beating rivals borussia dortmund 1-0 on saturday. the spaniard has been linked strongly with manchester city in the past but dreesen believes guardiola will not base his decision on where he will earn the most money .. speaking to sport bild , dreesen said : ` pep is not the type of coach who is trying to make as much money as possible .. ` he could already have made much more money elsewhere when he joined bayern . '. bayern are currently 10 points clear at the top of the bundesliga and face bayer leverkusen in the quarter-finals of the german cup on wednesday night .. they also face a two-legged tie against porto in the last eight of the champions league .. robert lewandowski heads home the only goal against dortmund as bayern maintain their 10-point advantage. guardiola is not trying to earn as much money as possible , according to board member jan-christian dreesen
he only started his new job two weeks ago .. but prince william confirmed yesterday that he will take his full fortnight of paternity leave when his second child is born later this month .. the future king , 32 , became the most senior member of the royal family to work as an ordinary paye employee when he became a pilot for east anglian air ambulance .. according to kensington palace , he plans to take time off to be with his wife and new baby , just like he did when his son , prince george , was born in 2013 .. dash : prince william faces a two-hour hospital dash to be at his wife 's side when she goes into labour. the second in line to the throne will be working throughout april in three sites -- cambridge , norwich and gloucestershire airport .. the duchess of cambridge , meanwhile , will largely be based at their london home kensington palace .. royal staff have already ruled out using a helicopter to transport william back to london , meaning the prince faces a two-hour ` blues and twos ' dash back to the capital .. he could even risk missing the birth if their second child arrives more quickly than expected , although aides acknowledge that the scenario is unlikely .. on maternity leave : the duchess wo n't be seen in public again until she leaves hospital with the new baby. frenetic : the scenes outside the lindo wing at st. mary 's hospital during prince george 's birth. there will be no lindo wing fervour like there was for george -- as the press and public are banned from the street outside .. sources said the couple , who do not know the baby 's sex , were ` grateful ' for interest in their new arrival -- who will be fourth in line to the throne -- but want to avoid a ` media circus ' .. they have also vowed not to make a public announcement until at least 8am the next day if the baby is born after 10pm , and not before they have informed their families -- including prince harry , who is likely to be in australia when the baby arrives .. they also made clear that kate , who has been staying at the couple 's new country home in norfolk , anmer hall , plans to return to the capital soon and intends to give birth at the lindo wing of st mary 's hospital , where a natural birth costs up to # 10,000 .. her team will be led by guy thorpe-beeston , surgeon gynaecologist to the royal household .. the doctor , who says he likes to ` keep things simple ' by ` offering honest advice ' , specialises in pre-natal diagnosis , deliveries and ultrasound .. he graduated from cambridge university in 1984 and worked at king 's hospital in london before becoming a consultant in foetal medicine at chelsea and westminster in 1996 .. safety first : contingency plans have been put in place in case kate is outside of london when labour starts. crazy : preparations for a media pen outside the lindo wing ahead of the april 25th birth are underway. not long to go : the duchess , seen here at events last month , still does n't know the sex of her child. contingency plans have been put in place at other hospitals -- addenbrooke 's in cambridge and the royal berkshire , close to kate 's parents -- should the duchess , 33 , go into labour outside of the capital .. kate , whose public duties ended last month , has not specified how much maternity leave she intends to take .. but sources have told the mail that she will return to kensington palace to recuperate before travelling to norfolk to set up home at anmer hall .. an aide said : ` her focus will be on her family over the summer . '. with an imminent general election , aides were also asked whether they might time their announcement around the campaign , but one quipped : ` babies arrive when they arrive ! '. excited : prince george is apparently looking forward to the impending birth according to his parents. delighted : the couple also revealed their delight at receiving warm wishes from around the world. a spokesman for the couple added yesterday they were touched by the public reaction to the birth of their new baby , who will be fourth in line to the throne .. in a statement about the impending royal arrival , he said : ` the duke and duchess are hugely grateful for the warm wishes they have received from people throughout the uk and indeed around the world over the last few months .. ` they know that people are excited prince george will soon have a little brother or sister and it means a great deal to them that so many will be celebrating this important moment for their family .. ` they are very appreciative that so many people share their excitement as they await the arrival of their second baby . '
tony blackburn has called for lessons to be learnt after historic sex abuse allegations. tony blackburn claims disgraced entertainer jimmy savile ` tarnished ' his era after his fellow colleague 's names were ` dragged through the mud ' during probes into historic sex abuse .. the 72-year-old 's long-term employer , the bbc , is still reeling from a string of allegations levelled against former staff - most of them blackburn 's vintage .. several media personalities were investigated and arrested following the launch of operation yewtree , including broadcasters dave lee travis and rolf harris .. the probe also exposed abuse by paedophile dj savile , who sexually assaulted staff and patients aged between 5 and 75 over several decades .. the bbc radio 2 presenter professed his deep shock at the headlines , explaining that most of his colleagues in the industry were ` just working hard ' and ` having a good time ' .. ` it 's upsetting , horrible , ' he said . '. i never liked savile , and i knew there was something about him that was odd but i did n't know what it was . '. i saw him very rarely but the way he was , you could never have a sensible conversation with him .. ` but it was shocking when the stories came out .. it 's tarnished that era , and it was n't really like that .. most of us were just working hard , having a good time . '. his good friend and fellow dj , paul gambaccini , was also caught up in the scandal after spending a a year under a cloud of suspicion when he was arrested over historical sex offences .. in his case the 65-year-old was accused of having sex with two underage boys , however , the crown prosecution service ( cps ) dropped the charges last year .. blackburn said he is outraged at how gambaccini was treated and has called for lessons to be learnt .. he said : ` if somebody has done something wrong they should be punished but i do think there is something appalling going on when someone , anyone , can accuse you of something .. ` in paul 's case , he did n't know the people - and your name is just dragged through the mud .. i saw him very recently and the fact is that there has been no apology , and he has lost a lot of money and it is not right .. you have n't done anything wrong but it sticks .. we need to learn something from this . '. blackburn has remained unequivocally untouched by scandal , and explained : ` that 's because i have n't done anything wrong , it 's as simple as that , ' he says emphatically .. but the dj , who started his career on pirate station radio caroline in 1964 , has faced his own controversies after proclaiming he had bedded more than 500 women in his sixties heyday .. blackburn said he never liked paedophile dj jimmy savile ( pictured ) , who sexually assaulted staff and patients aged between 5 and 75 over several decades. rolf harris and dave lee travis were among blackburn 's former bbc colleagues caught up in the historic sex abuse scandal at the corporation. he made the boasts in his 2007 autobiography poptastic !. my life in radio in which he said he had slept with 250 women -- a number which he then doubled five years later in a magazine interview .. the father-of-two , who was born in surrey and brought up in bournemouth by his nurse mother and gp father , now admitted : ` it was tacky , it was unnecessary and i wish i had n't done it . '. it only happened , he maintains , as his autobiography 's ghost-writer said they needed a bit more sex , given the lack of drugs and ` rock n roll ' .. blackburn says lessons need to be learned after his friend and colleague paul gambaccini ( pictured ) had charges against him dropped '. i was quite open about it - i do n't see anything wrong , and i never have , if two consenting adults make love that 's their business , providing it is all above board . '. i was n't that bad , i just had a really good time - but i wish i had n't written about it quite so honestly as it hurt my mum and dad .. it really was n't clever . '. blackburn married robin 's nest actress tessa wyatt , mother of his advertising executive son simon , when he was 30 but she left him after four years when she discovered he had had an affair .. he remarried in 1992 , this time time to debra , a theatrical agent 17 years his junior , and mother to his 18-year-old daughter victoria , and the family live together in hertfordshire .. this time he has remained faithful and admits that when he discovered his calls had been intercepted during the phone hacking scandal , he was n't fazed .. ` when all the phone hacking started i was called by the police who told me my phone had been hacked , ' he said .. ` and i thought " well , fine .. that must have been boring . ". it did n't bother me as there was nothing to hide .. so i never pursued it . '. three years ago he had to undergo laser eye surgery after he suffered a detached retina when he was mugged by three thugs who tried to steal his mobile phone as he left the bbc .. ` it was like being descended on by a pack of wolves , ' he said .. ` they knocked me to the ground , but i managed to get at them with my umbrella and i did chase after them even though i had blood pouring down the side of my face . '. i was on the phone to my wife at the time so she heard it all .. it was pretty horrible . '. i did report it to the police , but what could they do ?. my producer said " they must have really hated your music " . '. he has also recently started wearing a hearing aid to correct the creeping hearing loss after spending the last 50 years wearing headphones blasting music into his ears .. ` you can barely see it , it fits snugly in your ear and there 's just this little clear wire .. and they do n't whistle .. wearing one just sharpens everything up a bit .. they 're fantastic little things . '
police searched an area near a ford motor company plant in michigan on sunday for clues related to the disappearance of a woman who was last seen at halloween wearing a poison ivy costume. chelsea ellen bruck , 22 , has been missing almost six months , police said .. monroe county sheriff 's major jeff kemp reported that the search was arranged after investigators received a tip from a citizen about the area in flat rock .. ` all i can say ... is we 're looking for evidence , ' the sheriff 's office said .. he declined to discuss media reports that part of chelsea 's costume were found .. a new search was conducted on sunday in the case of missing chelsea ellen bruck , 22 , who was last seen dressed as batman villain poison ivy at a halloween party on october 25 attended by around 800 people. miss bruck , 22 , from maybee has not been seen since the early hours of october 26 , 2014 despite extensive searches on foot and by helicopter to locate her. the maybee woman was dressed as the comic villain poison ivy when she attended a halloween party october 26 in frenchtown township .. the costume included a leaf-covered top and dark purple wig .. that was the last time she was seen at the outdoor party at a rural farmhouse which was attended by around 800 people , 35 miles southwest of detroit .. her mother , leannda bruck , told ap that detectives were actively working on the case but declined to say anything else .. sheriff 's deputies and flat rock police conducted the search on sunday night focusing on an area near the flat rock assembly plant .. daily mail online was awaiting a comment from the flat rock police department on monday .. jennifer bruck , left , prays for sister chelsea with parents matt and leannda bruck and other family and friends who turned to public prayer in monroe , michigan last october .. she has not been seen for six months. police have interviewed multiple people and investigated hundreds of tips over the past six months .. a witness reported seeing miss bruck walking about 3am with a man as the party was winding down.the sheriff 's office published a sketch of the man she was seen with in a parking lot .. the dark-haired man had thin stubble and wore glasses with a black hoodie .. the man has not been identified and police have not named him as a suspect .. two were charged separating for telling police lies about the missing woman .. in a missing person appeal , chelsea bruck is described as 5 ' 7 ' tall , 140lbs , blonde , with a small anchor tattoo behind her right ear .. she was last seen wearing black yoga pants , a black wig and a leaf-covered vest .. anyone with information about the case is asked to call the monroe county sheriff 's office at (734) 240-7700 or monroe county central dispatch at (734) 243-7070 .. authorities released this sketch of the man miss bruck was seen with in a parking lot around 3am following a party in frenchtown township , michigan just before halloween. her sister , kassandra bruck , 24 , told the detroit free press last year that the family is encouraging people to share photos of chelsea - across michigan and beyond .. she told nbc : ` this is 100 % uncharacteristic , it 's not anything she would do .. she even told my mom , " i 'm not staying long .. i 'll be back in a couple of hours . ". this has just broken my parents . '. ms bruck told cbs on monday that she was ` very hopeful ' her sister would be found alive .. the party host mike williams , 30 , told the paper he had been forced to close the party , intended for 500 people , after around 800 revelers turned up .. he added that he had n't seen miss bruck at the party at all .. a gofundme campaign to help find miss bruck has raised close to $ 9,000 .. missing posters offered a close-up of an anchor-shaped tattoo behind miss bruck 's right ear
a woman has been arrested after she allegedly broke into a home on martha 's vineyard , lived inside for at least a week and sold items belonging to the owners in a yard sale .. michelle filkins , 44 , of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering , larceny over $ 250 , and malicious destruction of property .. she was discovered at the court street property in edgartown by owner mark conklin on april 17 .. michelle filkins , 44 , of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering , larceny over $ 250 , and the malicious destruction of property after she was arrested on april 17. filkins was arrested on april 17 after owner mark conklin found her sitting in his summer home. according to the police report , conklin found filkins sitting in his living room of the property estimated to be worth $ 800,000 .. when he confronted her she claimed that she owned the house .. she then fled in a gray nissan pickup truck when conklin called the police at about 8 a.m. .. when police arrived , they discovered a large glass window to the left side of the front door had been broken and covered by a blanket , reports the boston globe .. filkins was arrested several hours later after she attempted to get back into the home thinking that conklin had left .. she is next scheduled to be in court on may 14 .. a construction worker in the neighborhood has told police that he saw filkins outside with items from the home , and that she appeared to be having a yard sale or giving the items away .. according to a post on the department 's facebook page , items missing include four deck chairs from crate & barrel , a weber grill , two side tables from ethan allen , one ann chase lamp , two lamps from crate & barrel , two framed posters , various pots , pans , and linens , and a painting by the owner .. police are asking anyone who received items from the home to return them to the edgartown police department .. ` if in fact you did purchase something you are a victim as well and epd will assist you in seeking restitution via the court prosecution of this case , ' the police department said on facebook .. anyone with information can also contact the police department at 508-627-4343 .. police are asking anyone who received items from the home - including a lamp and a painting - to return them
a coroner has slammed the ease with which illegal drugs can be ordered over the ` dark web ' after two student brothers died consuming ecstasy they had bought online .. astrophysics undergraduate torin lakeman , 19 , died alongside his brother jacques , 20 , in a pub in manchester after consuming six times the lethal dose of mdma after ordering the drug via the web .. at bolton coroner 's court today , alan walsh said he would be contacting home secretary theresa may over the deaths , adding that it was unacceptable that ` intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way . '. torin lakeman , 19 ( left ) , and brother jacques , 20 ( right ) , died in a pub in manchester after consuming ecstasy they had bough from an anonymous dealer via the ` dark web '. the brothers were found dead in a room above this pub after going to watch manchester united play a game against hull at old trafford in december last year. the brothers , both from the isle of man , were found in a hotel room above the grapes pub in bolton on 1st december last year after travelling to watch manchester united play at old trafford .. the court was told that torin , a student of physics and planetary studies at aberystwyth university , had bought mdma from website agora from an anonymous seller with the ` handle ' stone island .. torin 's housemate ethan bradley said he bought the drugs to ` have a good weekend ' , and that he would use the drug recreationally , but was not addicted to it .. coroner alan walsh today said he was concerned at the ease with which the boys bought the lethal drugs , adding he would be writing to the home secretary. jacques was living in chingford , london , at the time with his grandmother while training to be a chef , so travelled to meet torin in manchester , where the pair booked into the pub for the weekend .. the hearing was told that both brothers had taken the drug on separate occasions .. the pair watched as manchester united won their match against hull 3-0 , and father raymond lakeman said he was overjoyed that the boys were spending time together .. he said : ` they were brothers so they had fallings out but on the whole they got on as best friends .. ` they wanted to go and watch manchester united play hull city .. i booked the tickets and sent them over with two football shirts for them .. ` it was the first time they had ever done anything together like this .. they did n't know anybody in manchester .. they were looking forward to seeing each other .. ` my wife and i were happier than we had been for weeks and months and years . '. landlord william pilkington later saw them in the bar and when asked whether they appeared to be drunk , he said they were ` on something else ' .. detective inspector joanne clawson from greater manchester police said cctv from a local shop caught them buying two bottles of wkd and a packet of chewing gum which they took back to their hotel .. the alcohol was never consumed .. torin was the last to be seen when he came down from their room at around 9.30 pm to ask for the pub 's wifi password .. both of the boys ' bodies were found on monday morning , when pub worker michael lawrence went to clean the room they had been staying in .. bolton coroner 's court was told that jacques , along with his brother torin , had both consumed the drug before on separate occasions ( pictured , jacques alongside an unknown friend ). the court heard that torin ( pictured left , with a friend ) bought the drugs via website agora which can not be accessed through regular websites , before travelling to manchester to meet his brother. mr lawrence told the inquest : ' i went into room five and saw one of the males on the floor in the room .. at that stage i did n't see the other one .. ` my colleague went into the room and found the body of the other male in this was on the far side of the bed that would have been hidden from view .. ray lakeman , the boys ' father , said he was overjoyed that the boys were spending time together , and even bought shirts for the pair '. i was asked to check by police whether there was any evidence of tablets or drugs or anything untoward and i did n't see anything . '. a post mortem on jacques body found he had 6.15 mg of mdma per litre of blood in his body - almost six times the ` lethal ' amount of 1.7 mg .. he also had 229mg of alcohol in his blood - almost three times the drink drive limit .. his brother torin was found to have 7.08 mg of ecstasy in his body , while his blood alcohol levels were lower at 87mg .. pathologist dr patrick ward told the inquest : ` if a person is not used it on a regular basis the impact may be greater .. in batches of any drug there are different levels of toxicity .. ` they could have taken the same amount but the concentration could have been different .. i would anticipate they took the same amounts each . '. recording a narrative verdict , mr walsh said : ` they had a great day which makes the tragedy of these deaths even harder to accept .. ` there was concern as to the quality and quantity of ecstasy in terms of concentration and that may well have been a factor in terms of the ultimate impact .. ` they were likely to be tablet form but when they were taken and where taken is unknown .. mdma is known as ecstasy and i accept there were sufficient quantities in the blood to cause death . '. he added : ' i accept the drugs were obtained by use of the internet and the drugs delivered to him from an unknown source by use of the internet on the dark web . '. i am concerned about the ability of young people to obtain elicit substances using the internet . '. i am well aware that is a global problem and little can be done to avoid this supply line being used .. the death of jacques and torin identify a great problem - the dark web .. recording a narrative verdict , mr walsh said the issue of the dark web concerned him ` as a father and a grandfather ' ( pictured , torin lakeman ). ` the dark web identified an anonymous supplier and the supplier exists behind the veil - a confidential and sophisticated veil .. ` in the case of jacques and torin i hear reference to stone island and reference to agora .. i believe these matter should be reported to the home secretary .. ` young people have a natural ability these days with regard interned who find it much easier to access these dark sites and have available to them supply of drugs by simply ordering on the internet and delivering to address .. ` as a father and grandfather it is a frightening prospect . '
( cnn ) given that most people could n't tell the difference between a copyright and a trademark , it usually takes something controversial , such as the washington redskins ' refusal to change their name , to get people interested in trademark law .. this week , a higher court scrutinized a lesser-known trademark -- when the band the slants sought to protect its name .. the slants are five asian-american musicians from portland , oregon , who pay homage to the '80s on stage -- and homage to their heritage in an ironic way .. " we want to take on stereotypes that people have about us , like the slanted eyes , and own them , " simon shiao tam , the band 's front-man , said .. in other words , the group adopted the lenny bruce philosophy of repeating an insulting term until it does n't mean anything anymore .. to the slants , " slant " is n't an insult , it is empowering .. and more power to them .. unfortunately , a bureaucrat at the u.s. patent and trademark office decided that " slant " was disparaging to asians , and denied them a trademark registration under the despised ( by me , anyhow ) section 2 ( a ) of the trademark act .. this is the section that lets the government deny trademark protection to a mark that is " immoral , " " scandalous " or " disparaging . ". in this case , the latter .. this is n't billionaire dan snyder referring to other people as " redskins . ". in l'affair redskins , it is the disparaged group , native americans , who are complaining -- not the government deciding on its own that it knows best .. in the slants ' case , these are asian guys who say " it does n't bother us , so why should it bother you ? ". and it is n't as if any asian american groups got involved .. this is not the first time that someone has " taken back " a marginalizing term in a trademark fight .. about 10 years ago , the motorcycle club " dykes on bikes " was similarly rebuffed , and they fought back and won the right to protect their mark .. they made similar arguments that resonated : if they wanted to call themselves " dykes on bikes , " then what place does the government have in judging that decision ?. in another decision , the trademark office initially denied a registration for buddha beachwear on the grounds that buddhists would find it disparaging .. but on reconsideration , the trademark trial and appeal board held that it should go forward stating it is " imperative that the board be careful to avoid interposing its own judgment for that of buddhists . ". so why are n't the slants given the same privileges as dykes on bikes or buddha beachwear ?. it is largely a sign of the times .. we find ourselves mired deeper and deeper in a society where people actually get excited to take offense at virtually anything .. given the lingering controversy over the redskins ' trademark , our five friends from oregon did n't stand a chance .. for starters , by trying to protect asians from racism , the court issued a disturbingly racist decision based on the fact that these were , in fact , asians who intended their band name to invoke their ethnicity .. but , if a sicilian ( like me ) were to seek to register the same exact name , with no such intent , i would enjoy that privilege .. this is n't quite korematsu v. united states ( the decision that authorized putting asians in internment camps ) , but the decision is quite unprincipled .. even worse , this decision gets the first amendment wrong .. the majority opinion almost flippantly discards the constitutional issues as much ado about nothing .. essentially it says , " we did it this way before , so we are going to keep doing it this way . ". your constitution got stepped on before , and who are we to take our feet off of it ?. if you 're not upset by now , you should be .. well , the court does give us a sort-of dissent styled as " additional views . ". while not binding , some of our most cherished first amendment rights grew from the tiny seeds planted by the dissents of oliver wendell holmes .. the dissent in this case recognizes the fact that trademarks are commercial speech , which is protected by the first amendment .. it also notes that the government should not be in the business of giving out or withholding benefits on the basis of the content of the recipient 's speech .. this is known as the doctrine of " unconstitutional conditions . ". since section 2 ( a ) discriminates against first amendment protected expression on the basis of its content , the court has called for 2 ( a ) to be , finally , deemed unconstitutional .. but , for some reason , it declined to actually go that far .. it merely suggested it , without so ruling .. and people wonder why my hair is falling out .. i guess i will start a protest band and call them " the guinea pigs . ". but , i wo n't be allowed to register that trademark -- although the five asian guys from the slants could .. maybe we should just each register the other band 's marks , and trade them after we get past the bureaucrats at the trademark office .. ruling a sign or our easily offended times
prostate cancer resistant to conventional treatment could be all but wiped out by a therapy that boosts the immune system , claim researchers .. tests carried out in combination with chemotherapy drugs achieved almost complete remission in mice .. the us scientists used low doses of the drug oxaliplatin , which has a unique ability to activate cancer-killing immune cells in small tumours but works less well in large , aggressive tumours .. tests of new drug oxaliplatin , carried out in combination with chemotherapy drugs , achieved almost complete remission in mice .. each year in the uk around 41,000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer and 11,000 die from the disease. the problem is partly caused by immune system ` b-cells ' that put a brake on the body 's defences in prostate and other cancers .. in their study , the researchers found a way of blocking the development or function of these b-cells , or removed them entirely before using oxaliplatin .. the prostate tumours were ` almost completely destroyed ' by the mice 's own immune cells , the team said .. lead scientist shabnam shalapour , of the university of california at san diego , said : ` the presence of such b-cells in human prostate cancer calls for clinical testing of this novel therapeutic approach . '. because of the effect of the immune system , advanced and aggressive prostate cancer does not typically respond to chemotherapy , researchers said .. b-cells also undermine the effectiveness of promising new drugs called checkpoint inhibitors which ` unmask ' cancer cells allowing them to be recognised by the immune system .. there are currently few options for men with aggressive drug-resistant prostate cancer that has started to spread. but researchers also managed to get a checkpoint inhibitor -- combined with chemotherapy -- to work after wiping out the b-cells in one test .. each year in the uk around 41,000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer and 11,000 die from the disease .. while early treatment is often highly successful , there are few options for men with aggressive drug-resistant prostate cancer that has started to spread .. b-cells play a number of vital immune system roles , including the production of antibodies .. they can also tell the immune system to slow down when it is getting overheated , but this can be counter-productive in cancer treatment .. professor michael karin , study co-author and also from the university of california at san diego , said there might be implications for the treatment of other types of cancer .. the william pereira designed geisel library at the university of california san diego .. researchers there have made this new prostate cancer breakthrough. ` similar immunosuppressive b-cells can be detected in other human cancers , ' he added .. ` this indicates that b-cell-mediated immunosuppression might be the reason several other cancers are also unresponsive to checkpoint inhibitors , raising the hope that chemoimmunotherapy will have broader applications for many cancer types . '. symptoms of prostate cancer include the need to urinate more frequently , especially at night , painful ejaculation and blood in the urine or semen .. men may also have pain or stiffness in the lower back , hips or thighs .. however , not all men with the disease will have symptoms and often the cancer is spotted only in a routine check-up .. early diagnosis is crucial -- up to 98 per cent of men who are diagnosed when the cancer is still contained within the gland will live for more than five years .. that drops to just 30 per cent if the cancer has spread .
philippe coutinho is becoming liverpool 's go-to guy and is picking up where luis suarez left off last season , believes sportsmail 's jamie carragher .. coutinho starred for liverpool in their 2-0 win against newcastle united on monday night and managed five shots against goalkeeper tim krul , though he could not nab himself a goal .. liverpool sold suarez to barcelona for # 75million during the summer , but carragher feels coutinho can fill the sizable gap left by the controversial uruguay striker .. philippe coutinho is becoming liverpool 's go-to guy , according to sportsmail 's jamie carragher. coutinho starred for liverpool in their 2-0 win against newcastle united on monday night. liverpool sold star striker luis suarez to barcelona for # 75million during the summer. ` the role he played tonight was the false nine we speak about a lot , ' carragher told sky sports after the barclays premier league match .. ` we expect him in a wide area , but we saw some of his touches tonight and his ability in small spaces against players , some of the pieces of play he produced tonight .. ` last season luis suarez was liverpool 's main man , the go-to man .. but as this season has progressed , and for the future , coutinho is liverpool 's . '. it was coutinho who scored liverpool 's only goal against blackburn rovers at ewood park in the fa cup last week to book their place in the semi-final .. the brazil international signed a new five-year contract with liverpool in february after completing a # 8.5 m move from inter milan in january 2013 .. both jamie carragher ( left ) and gary neville ( right ) were starring on sky sports monday night football
kim kardashian has launched an outspoken attack on president obama for refusing to use the word ` genocide ' as he marked the 100th anniversary of the massacre of 1.5 million armenians .. the reality star said it was ` very disappointing ' that he stopped short of using the word - which he had promised to use when he ran for office .. kardashian , whose armenian heritage comes from her father , the late robert kardashian , has used her celebrity since 2011 to bring awareness to the genocide .. marking the anniversary of the mass murder at the weekend , kardashian wrote in an op-ed in time magazine : ' i would like president obama to use the word " genocide " .. it 's very disappointing he has n't used it as president .. ` we thought it was going to happen this year .. i feel like we 're close -- but we 're definitely moving in the right direction . '. kim and khloe kardashian laid flowers at the dzidzernagapert armenian genocide monument 's eternal flame during their april 10 visit .. marking the anniversary of the mass murder last weekend , kim kardashian wrote in an op-ed , ' i would like president obama to use the word " genocide . ". it 's very disappointing he has n't used it as president '. tricky language : president barack obama sent an administration official to armenia to mark the 100th anniversary of the 1915 massacre by ottoman turks .. but he refused to call the mass killings of ethnic armenians a ` genocide ' for fear of offending ally turkey. slaughter : historians estimate that 1.5 million armenians were killed by ottoman turks during world war i. above , armenians are made to march in this picture from the 1915 massacre. kim and khloe walk in the plaza at the armenian genocide memorial .. they were accompanied by their cousins kara and kourtni and kim 's husband kanye west .. kim and khloe 's armenian heritage comes from their father , the late robert kardashian. as a senator and presidential candidate , obama did describe the killings of armenians as genocide .. but he has never used that description since taking office , mainly out of deference to turkey , a key u.s. partner .. the white house said u.s. officials pledged to armenian-american leaders that the u.s. would use last week 's 100th anniversary of the killings ` to urge a full , frank and just acknowledgement of the facts , ' but a statement about the meeting did not include the word ` genocide . '. historians estimate up to 1.5 million armenians were killed by ottoman turks , an event widely viewed by scholars as a genocide .. turkey , however , denies that the deaths constituted genocide because it was not an ethnic-driven battle and says the death toll has been inflated .. democratic rep. adam schiff also said he was ` deeply disappointed ' by the president 's decision .. ` the united states has long prided itself for being a beacon of human rights , for speaking out against atrocity , for confronting painful chapters of its own past and that of others , ' said schiff .. ` this can not be squared with a policy of complicity in genocide denial by the president or congress . '. kardashian , who recently traveled to the country for the first time with her husband kanye west , sister khloe and cousins kara and kourtni kardashian , said , ` now is the time to speak out , and every little bit helps ' '. i will continue to ask the questions and fight for the genocide to be recognized for what it was , ' the reality television star said , encouraging turkey to label the killings as a genocide .. ` it 's not the fault of the people who live there now , ' she noted , and ' i think if they recognize it and acknowledge it , everyone can move on . '. i believe in moving on and looking toward a brighter future , but you ca n't move on unless you acknowledge the past .. to not do so is an act of disrespect . '. paying their respects : kim has used her celebrity status to bring awareness to the genocide since at least 2011 .. the pope has also called the slaughter ` the first genocide of the 20th century '. kim and kanye are pictured here with daughter north west and khloe as they walk inside church hallways to view art prior to baptism in at cathedral of sts .. james in the historic armenian quarter of the old city of jerusalem last year for norrie 's christening. kardashian recalled in the op-ed that her family tree would have ended if her grandparents had n't left armenia for los angeles the year before the armed conflict .. ` there are so many people who lost their families , and the stories of how they were killed are so heartbreaking -- they should never be forgotten , ' she wrote .. ` the whole point of remembering the genocide is to make sure it does n't happen again .. a million-and-a-half people were brutally massacred , and a country can just pretend like it never happened ?. i do n't think that 's right . '. while in armenia , kardashian and her family visited the dzidzernagapert armenian genocide monument 's eternal flame that honors those countryman who were killed in 1915 .. ` an emotional day at the genocide museum , ' read a tweet posted by kim that was accompanied by a photo of her and khloe laying flowers at the flame .. kardashian has been publicly calling for the deaths to be recognized as a genocide since 2011 , when she wrote in a blog post , ` every year , i honor the memory of the martyrs who were killed during the 1915 armenian genocide .. even though so many countries around the world recognize the genocide , the government of turkey still denies it .. ` it happened before rwanda , darfur , and the holocaust .. maybe none of those other genocides would have happened if more nations had condemned the armenian genocide , when 1.5 million armenians were massacred . '. during their trip to her ancestors ' homeland , kim , khloe and their cousins met with the country 's prime minister , hovik abrahamyan , who ` expressed how proud they are that we are proud armenians and we have not forgotten our roots ! '. kim said in a tweet .. kim 's husband kanye also threw an impromptu bash and free concert in yerevan at swan lake before departing armenia for jerusalem , israel - the location of their daughter 's christening at an armenian church in 2014 .. the kardashians also visited the geghard monastery during their trip to armenia. khloe wrote in a tweet on the day of their visit to the genocide memorial : ` my sister and i are trying to bring awareness not only to our armenian genocide but genocides and human slaughter , in general .. ` the kardashians have helped strike a powerful blow at turkey 's campaign of genocide denial , ' anca communications director told abc news after the visit .. their trip to armenia ` has helped shine a global spotlight ' on the genocide and ` the need for justice for that crime with millions , ' she said .. khloe also kept the campaign going after she returned home , asking her fan base on twitter to sign a change.org petition ` to bring awareness to the armenian genocide ' by requesting that google highlight the conflict with its homepage doodle on the anniversary of the killings , april 24 . '. as of friday the online petition had garnered more than 202,129 supporters , beating its goal of 200,000 names .. google did not wade in the controversy by adopting the suggested doodle , however .. the white house said last week that while it understands the perspective of those hoping to hear different language from obama this year , the administration believes its approach is right , ` both for acknowledging the past , and for our ability to work with regional partners to save lives in the present . '. it announced at the same time that treasury secretary jacob lew would attend a ceremony in armenia on friday making the anniversary .. ` president obama 's surrender to turkey represents a national disgrace , ' armenian national committee of america chairman ( anca ) ken hachikian said in a statement .. ` it is , very simply , a betrayal of truth , a betrayal of trust . '. the pope added his name this year to the list of high-profile leaders characterizing the 1915 slaughter as the ` first genocide of the 20th century . '. he further proclaimed that ` concealing or denying evil is like allowing a wound to keep bleeding without bandaging it . '. ties that bind : the kardashian family tree that traces back to two molokan armenian families. home : kim kardashian 's ancient ancestors fled the armenian village karakale ( pictured recently ) to escape a prophecised genocide that did come to pass. genocide : the village of karakale ( pictured in the 19th century ) was among hundreds destroyed as the ottoman empire laid waste to the region .. residents - possibly including the kardashians - can be seen standing by their traditional houses. disputed : armenian lands ( in red ) were disputed just after the turn of the 20th century , with bloody consequences. armenians say up to 1.5 million of their kin were killed between 1915 and 1917 as the ottoman empire was falling apart and have long sought to win international recognition of the massacres as genocide .. turkey rejects the claims , arguing that 300,000 to 500,000 armenians and as many turks died in civil strife when armenians rose up against their ottoman rulers and sided with invading russian troops .. the fundamental division was religious .. armenians are christians , while turks are muslims .. the two groups had lived alongside each other for hundreds of years , but the ottoman turks had always been on top .. as ottoman rule crumbled , rival nationalisms arose , and the russian empire - itself to experience revolution in 1917 - also invaded .. armenians say they were forced from their homes , marched to mass graves and slaughtered .. some managed to flee south into modern-day syria and the levant , others to russian-held land which is now modern-day armenia .. hundreds of thousands met a violent end or died as they fled .. the outcome in terms of mass death is not now widely disputed .. but the use of the word ` genocide ' is hugely controversial , as turkey - successor to the ottoman empire , and with a huge majority of muslim ethnic turks - rejects the description .. armenia , which became a fully-fledged nation in its modern form at the collapse of the soviet union , has campaigned for recognition of its description of the deaths .. its modern borders are much smaller than the areas where the deaths occurred .. the province of kars ( above ) , where the kardashians ' roots - and the origin of their name - lies , is almost entirely in turkey .. its capital , kars , is now a symbol of the division over the deaths between the two countries : it sits on the border but the frontier is closed .
just weeks after he controversially banned meat products from being sold at the sydney opera house during his upcoming shows there , morrissey has once again weighed into australian animal rights issues .. the singer , who will be performing four sold-out shows as part of the sydney vivid live festival in may , has written a public letter to the just group imploring them to cease their use of angora wool .. the australian retail giant , who own just jeans , portmans , dotti , peter alexander , jacqui e , and jay jays , have so far refused to back down on their stance in using the controversial fur .. new campaign : morrissey has written a letter to australian retailer the just group imploring them to stop the use of angora wool. brutal : peta have successfully petitioned a number of australian and international retailers to stop selling angora wool after revealing the horrific treatment of rabbits at chinese angora farms. peta australia has been petitioning the just group to reconsider their position after successfully getting other retailers , including david jones , myer , sportsgirl , general pants co , and jeanswest , to stop selling angora .. ` i 'm looking forward to my concerts at the sydney opera house in may , but i was extremely dismayed to learn from my friends at peta australia that the just group refuse to modernise and drop angora wool from their clothing lines ' , morrissey writes .. ` by selling angora wool , you 're sending the message to millions of shoppers that your company condone the barbaric abuse and slaughter of rabbits and are willing to perpetuate it . '. refusal : the just group , who own just jeans , portmans , dotti , peter alexander , jacqui e , and jay jays , have so far refused to back down on their stance in using the controversial fur. stance : the retailer has previously issued a statement on the controversy , simply saying : ` although we are not able to join the pledge sought , i want to thank you for your interest in our group '. the singer , 55 , added that he would post petitions for concertgoers to sign at information booths throughout the opera house if the company did not reverse their decision .. globally , major fashion chains including zara , h&m , marks & spencer , and gap have all pledged to not use the fur in recent years after peta outed the heartbreaking conditions of angora rabbits .. the organisation revealed the treatment of rabbits on angora farms in china , where workers rip the fur from live rabbits ' skin .. peta alleges that the rabbits ` scream in pain ' during the process .. the just group are yet to respond to daily mail australia 's request for comment , however a spokesperson has previously responded to peta with the statement : ` although we are not able to join the pledge sought , i want to thank you for your interest in our group . '. in february , morrissey made headline when he ordered all food and bar outlets linked to the opera house 's concert hall remove meat products from their menus for the duration of his residency .. additionally , the former smiths singer , who has been a non-meat eater since the age of 11 , ordered that only vegetarian food be served backstage at the venue .. protest : morrissey , 55 , pledged to set up petition booths for attendees at his sydney concerts to sign if the just group do not comply. the irish-born star , who says he sees ` no difference ' between eating animals and paedophilia , they are both rape , violence , murder , - will take to the stage during the festival of light and music on the 26th , 27th , 30th and 31st of may .. morrissey has never been shy about his views on meat eaters and has categorically said ` if i 'm introduced to anyone who eats beings , i walk away . '. he briefly walked off-stage at coachella in 2009 , complaining about the smell from the nearby food concession area , saying ` the smell of burning animals is making me sick ' .. last month he banned burgers and hot dogs from belfast 's the odyssey arena for his performance .. and he recently ditched a scheduled concert in iceland when the venue refused to grant his no meat requests the night of his gig .. in concert : the irish-born musician has also banned the sale of meat products at the opera house for the duration of his residency for the vivid festival in may. last year , during a q&a session on his fan site , true to you , he replied to a groupie 's question saying : ' i see no difference between eating animals and paedophilia .... ` imagine , for example , if you were in a nightclub and someone said to you " hello , i enjoy bloodshed , throat-slitting and the destruction of life , " well , i doubt if you 'd want to exchange phone numbers . '. in another post , he wrote of tv chef jamie oliver : ` if jamie ` orrible is so certain that flesh-food is tasty then why does n't he stick one of his children in a microwave ? '. the animal activist is equally known for his outspoken political views and hatred of the british monarchy .. he once said in an outspoken interview in 1984 of former british prime minister margaret thatcher : ` she is only one person .. it is the only remedy for this country at the moment . '. british police responded by searching morrissey 's home and carrying out an official investigation .. daily mail australia have contacted the just group for comment .
a college sophomore who died of excessive alcohol consumption drank a 60-ounce bottle of vodka during what college officials said was the hazing of pledges at an unsanctioned fraternity , according to court papers filed in connection to the case .. the documents were filed by two students who were expelled from the university at albany after trevor duffy , 19 , of the bronx died in november .. his death came after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by zeta beta tau members at an off-campus home .. a look at 461 hamilton street , the scene of an alleged underage drinking party. the two students want to return to the college reports the times union of albany , as they were among the 24 sanctioned by the university after its investigation determined members of the underground frat were guilty of drug , alcohol and student group violations , as well as threatening and abusive behavior , endangerment , hazing and disruptive conduct , the newspaper reported .. the university 's investigation concluded duffy 's death was the result of hazing .. no one has been arrested and albany police said their investigation is continuing .. duffy died at an albany hospital november 17 , two days after drinking large amounts of alcohol with other frat pledges .. police said they went to the albany home early on november 16 after someone called 911 to report an intoxicated man in need of medical assistance .. officers said duffy and four other young men were taken to the hospital for treatment for excessive alcohol consumption .. the other four men were treated and released .. the court papers included details of other frat hazing rituals that included pledges being told to fight one another and eat the insides of cigars .
london ( cnn ) the hatton garden heist , as it will surely come to be known , was every safe deposit box holder 's nightmare , every movie director 's dream .. thieves using heavy cutting equipment and rappelling gear broke into the vault of an esteemed 60-year-old safe deposit company in the heart of london over the past holiday weekend , possibly taking advantage of as many as four days to rifle through an uncounted number of safe deposit boxes .. and they reportedly got away with hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of gems and cash -- even , in the educated guess of one former police official , as much as 200 million pounds , or $ 300 million .. police were offering few details wednesday of the robbery at hatton garden safe deposit ltd. .. detectives on the scene were carrying out a " slow and painstaking " forensic examination , police said in a statement .. " officers anticipate the process to take approximately two days , " the statement said .. " at this stage it is believed that approximately 60-70 safe deposit boxes were opened during the burglary .. officers are working closely with hatton garden safe deposit ltd to establish the identities of those affected .. police will be contacting victims directly as and when they are identified . ". watch : top five jewelry heists. throughout the day wednesday , customers of the business went in and out of the premises , clearly unhappy about not being able to learn whether their boxes were among those ransacked .. hatton garden is a storied area in london and the heart of the city 's diamond trade .. the area 's promotional website says it is home to " the largest and most concentrated cluster of jewellery retailers in the uk " and has been for quite some time .. " history tells us that the old city of london had certain streets -- or quarters -- dedicated to specific types of business , " the website says .. " the hatton garden area has been the epicentre of london 's jewellery trade since medieval times .. " today , it maintains its international reputation as the centre of london 's diamond trade .. it is one of the finest and most renowned jewellery locations in the world . ". $ 4.8 m in gold swiped from n.c. highway .. the police statement did not put a value on the amount of the haul .. but numerous british news organizations put the figure in the hundreds of thousands of pounds , which translates into even more hundreds of thousands of dollars .. many of those who rent safe deposit boxes at the company are reportedly in the jewelry trade .. but roy ramm , a former chief of the flying squad , an economic crime unit of london 's metropolitan police service , came up with a much higher guess .. " i would not be surprised , given where this one is , in hatton garden , if 200 million pounds is around about the amount stolen , " ramm said on bbc radio 4 .. because of the long easter weekend , police did not hear of the robbery until tuesday morning .. this may prove to be an embarrassment , as the telegraph newspaper reported that the alarm at the business sounded friday but , as the front and back doors still appeared locked , no action was taken .. the website of hatton garden safe deposit ltd. says the company was founded in 1954 and offers a " secure and cost-effective solution to store and protect important and irreplaceable personal belongings . ". robbers target security vans in france jewel heist
the eminent plastic surgeon who treated acid attack victim katie piper molested another patient after getting drunk in his surgery , a tribunal was told yesterday .. mohammad ali jawad , 56 , allegedly dimmed the lights , shut the blinds and asked her to dance to the music of julio iglesias before massaging her neck and touching her breasts .. to the strains of the spanish singer crooning on his iphone , he is claimed to have asked her : ` do you see me as a man or a surgeon ? '. dr mohammad ali jawad , pictured with former patient katie piper .. today a medical tribunal heard how he allegedly molested another patient at his surgery in marylebone , central london after getting drunk. the woman , known as patient a , told a hearing considering dr jawad 's fitness to practise that when she went to him for a consultation about treatment for facial scarring , she took a bottle of vodka from her native poland as a gift .. he opened it in front of her , brought out two shot glasses and when the next patient cancelled his appointment , he gulped down some vodka , patient a said .. ` we had a shot first and i think he had a few , then he put the vodka in the bigger crystal glasses , ' she added .. ` the more he drank , the more he kept staring at my cleavage and telling me i looked pretty .. he asked about my employment .. he offered me a job at the clinic .. ` i was a little bit uncomfortable .. i would n't say i was distressed , but it was becoming a little weird .. he was becoming increasingly drunk . '. patient a , a former personal assistant in her 30s , said : ` he re-entered the room and dimmed the lights , pulled the blinds down and played julio iglesias on his iphone .. ` he then opened a bottle of red wine , then he asked me to dance with him .. he did n't really say anything -- he grabbed me .. ` i did n't stop him , i was paralysed .. i pushed him away and managed to remove myself from his grip .. i told him i would show him something on the internet , so he let me go .. ` i showed him pictures of my friends on facebook and that 's when he stood behind me and started massaging my neck .. he then moved his hand from my neck to my collarbone and the front of my chest .. she added : ` he then sat down on the chair next to me , facing me .. he pulled his legs round one of mine and squeezed my leg with his .. he put his hands on my knee and asked if i thought he was pretty .. he then asked me if i saw him as a man or a surgeon .. dr khan featured in the oscar-winning documentary saving face , pictured .. patient a told the hearing in manchester he had bragged about his connection with katie piper .. he denies all the allegations against him. ` when i said i saw him as a surgeon , he said : " well if that is the case , there is nothing for us to discuss . ". i got up , took my bag and coat and left in a hurry . '. the medical practitioners tribunal service in manchester was told the incident happened in october 2012 during a three-hour consultation at his nip n tuck surgery in marylebone , london .. dr jawad came to prominence when he led pioneering reconstruction surgery on miss piper , 31 , who suffered horrific burns to her face and body after being covered with sulphuric acid in an attack arranged by her ex-boyfriend in 2008 .. patient a told the hearing he had bragged about his connection with the tv presenter , adding : ` he had promised to tell me details about katie piper , but he was n't sharing details about her treatment .. he was telling me how she was healing and that she was very good . '. dr jawad is alleged to have molested patient a at his surgery nip n tuck on this street in marylebone , london. she said he had showed her a clip on his laptop of his appearance at the pride of britain awards before trying to instigate sexual contact .. the tribunal heard dr jawad and patient a first met for a consultation in january 2010 and had at least two other meetings before the incident , but they communicated by text message and email .. the surgeon denies all of the allegations of misconduct and will give evidence via videolink from karachi , pakistan , where he is currently living and working .. in 2012 , dr jawad featured in the oscar-winning documentary saving face , which followed his journeys to pakistan to perform reconstructive surgery on female survivors of acid attacks .. he is a trustee , alongside simon cowell , of miss piper 's burns charity , the katie piper foundation .
two kayakers died , and another remains hospitalized in serious condition , after a sudden seattle storm with 35mph winds overturned their boats during a church-organized trip .. mandi l. walkley , 39 , and jacob m. austin , 52 , were in the dungeness bay , where swells were as high as 3ft , for one to two hours before they could be rescued by the coast guard .. both passed away after they were transported to nearby hospitals .. william d. kelley , 50 , who was also rescued by the coast guard , has improved from critical to serious condition .. his pastor , bill bowers , said kelley is ` not able to speak at the moment ' .. mandi l. walkley , 39 , ( left ) and jacob m. austin , 52 , ( right ) died after a sudden storm in washington 's dungeness bay hit their church kayaking trip. ` he 's got a tube down his throat , ' bowers , who is with the mountain view church in tumwater , told the seattle times .. ` but i 've talked with his wife , and they 're hopeful .. he 's squeezing their hands and blinking at them . '. fellow kayaker william d. kelley , 50 , remains hospitalized .. his condition has improved from critical to serious. walkley , austin and kelley were part of a group of seven people who set out on saturday for an excursion along washington 's dungeness spit .. according to sgt. lyman moores of clallam county sheriff 's office , forecasts had predicted there would be stormy weather the day of the scheduled trip a week ago and that an advisory had been issued a day before .. ` no one should 've been out there in a kayak , ' he said on sunday .. but , according to fellow kayaker dennis caines , the terrible weather ` came up all of a sudden ' and took the group by surprise .. ` we were n't ready for it , ' he said .. and a video the friends took during the trip shows that the weather was calm as they paddled to the new dungeness lighthouse for a lunch break , according to king 5 news .. caines and the group left the lighthouse around 1.30 pm .. he told king 5 that within 10 minutes of the wind picking up , he and his wife linda ` could n't see anybody or another kayaker anywhere ' .. the couple , who were riding in a tandem kayak , and two other people with the group paddled safely back to shore .. walkley , austin and kelley were stranded in the water for one to two hours before they were rescused by the coast guard .. they had been part of a group of seven that were kayaking along the dungeness spit ( pictured ). dennis caines , who was also on the trip , said the weather was calm as the group stopped at the new dungeness lighthouse ( pictured ) for lunch .. but minutes after they got back in the water , the wind picked up. at around 2.30 pm , walkley , austin and kelley were spotted by a lighthouse attendant , who notified the coast guard .. the navy also provided a rescue chopper .. caines said that everyone in the group wore life jackets , and that both he and his wife were also wearing wetsuits .. according to moores , the lifejackets were n't enough to protect the kayakers from the bay 's cold water , which was measured at 49 degrees on the day of the accident .. moores said that kind of temperature could shut down the human body ` in a matter of minutes ' .. ` these people were n't prepared for the conditions , ' he told the seattle times .. ` they were just wearing cotton clothes . '. but , according to caines , the kayaks the group used were also well-outfitted .. at 17-feet long , they had rudders , which help keep the boat straight during waves and winds , as well as rain skirts and pumps designed to keep water out .. pastor bowers told the seattle times he was unaware if the trip 's organizers had known about the storm forecast , but said ` no one on that trip would have done anything if they thought it would put them into danger ' .. caines and his wife linda , who were riding with the group in a tandem kayak , said that within 10 minutes of the wind picking up they could n't see anyone else in their group. and walkley 's mother janeen said her daughter ` always took precautions ' , even leaving her own kayaks at home to use the larger kayak designed for the sea .. ` knowing mandi , if she knew the weather was going to be that nasty , i do n't think she would 've gone , ' janeen said .. according to caines , the group had known and liked walkley and austin , neither of whom were part of the mountain view church - which organized the trip for both members and nonmembers .. ` we lost two good friends and one is struggling , ' caines , who called walkey ` such a beautiful person ' , told king 5 news .. ` it just feels unreal , ' said linda caines .. ` people we were friends with , that were there , and then they were n't . '
history of depression : former missouri auditor tom schweich openly contemplated committing suicide for years before he shot himself on february 26 , according to new police reports on the republican gubernatorial candidate 's death released tuesday. former missouri auditor tom schweich had talked for years of taking his life - and had become increasingly agitated over politics - but left no suicide note when he fatally shot himself , investigators said tuesday .. police in the st. louis suburb of clayton said they have found nothing to suggest the death of schweich , who was running as a republican candidate for governor in 2016 , was anything other than a suicide .. newly released police reports show schweich felt so abandoned by gop supporters that he told an aide on february 26 , the day of his death , that he would have to either ` run as an independent or he needed to kill himself . '. schweich 's death and the apparent suicide a month later of his spokesman spence jackson have sent shockwaves through missouri politics .. the latest police information came as governor jay nixon on tuesday announced plans to appoint fellow democrat and county treasurer nicole galloway as schweich 's replacement .. schweich had told an associated press reporter by phone minutes before his death he was ready to go public with allegations that the missouri republican party chairman had told donors that schweich was jewish .. schweich was christian but had jewish ancestry .. he perceived the remarks as anti-semitism .. police investigative reports released tuesday to the associated press in response to an open-records request show that friends and political advisers had discouraged schweich from publicizing his concerns .. some of them told investigators that schweich appeared to feel betrayed and alone because they did n't agree with him .. overwhelmed : schweich shot himself in the head at his home in st louis ( above ) just moments after calling an associated press reporter to set up an interview to discuss anti-semitism in his own party. missouri gop chairman john hancock ( pictured ) had allegedly told donors at a party that schweich was jewish .. schweich is a practicing christian , but has ethnically jewish roots. clayton police detective lt. don bass said while that was ` part of the puzzle , ' schweich 's motive to kill himself still is unclear to investigators .. police found no evidence that schweich was involved in a scandal or extramarital affairs .. and while schweich had been prescribed two-dozen different drugs for such things as pain relief and crohn 's disease , which causes bowel inflammation , toxicology tests found no illegal drugs in his system .. his wife , kathleen , told investigators that schweich had never been seen by a psychiatrist .. kathleen schweich told investigators that her husband had talked about killing himself previously while holding guns , but she did n't think he would actually do so .. she told police she thought he acted spontaneously .. ` it is her belief that the stress of the disease along with the stress of the campaign caused him to take his life , ' clayton police detective tom bossch wrote in an investigative report .. on the morning of his death , schweich had talked by phone with his chief of staff , trish vincent , and ` was extremely upset over what he considered a lack of support from anyone ' about his plans to publicize allegations about the gop chairman , the report said .. schweich told vincent he would have to ` run as an independent or he needed to kill himself , ' the report said .. vincent got in touch with a family friend , who later was on the phone with schweich when he made another statement about killing himself , threw down the phone and then shot himself , according to the police reports .. in mourning : schweich 's relatives comfort each other outside his funeral on march 3 , a week after he shot himself dead. left behind : schweich , second from left , makes a few comments after his swearing-in ceremony on january 12 this year in his capitol office in jefferson city .. at left is his wife , kathy , and to his right are son , thomas jr. , and daughter emilie. double the tragedy : just a month after schweich 's death , his former spokesman spence jackson ( pictured ) took his own life. state law requires the governor to find a replacement immediately when vacancies occur in the auditor 's office .. nixon originally named his longtime aide , john watson , to serve as auditor while he searched for a permanent replacement .. for galloway , now the boone county treasurer , to take over , watson will have to resign .. nixon said galloway 's swearing-in ceremony is scheduled for the week of april 27 .. galloway , 32 , made her political debut in 2011 , when nixon appointed her to serve as boone county treasurer following the death of treasurer jan fugit .. galloway was elected to a four-year term the following year .. galloway will serve the remainder of schweich 's term , which runs until january 2019 .. she said tuesday that she plans to run for re-election at that time .. schweich had been sworn in for a second , four-year term in january after facing no democratic opposition in the november election .. missouri republican party executive director jonathan prouty sent out a scathing statement while nixon still was touting galloway 's appointment to reporters , saying the pick goes against the will of voters and that she will be ` entirely beholden ' to the governor .. galloway 's appointment will mean lt. gov. peter kinder will be the only republican of six statewide elected officials .. the democratic-led executive branch contrasts with an overwhelmingly republican legislature .. • for confidential help , call the national suicide prevention lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 or click here. • for confidential support on suicide matters in the uk , call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here
graeme dott fears exhaustion will kill off his hopes of winning snooker 's betfred world championship .. the 37-year-old , a qualifier this year , survived a series of twitches close to the winning line before clinching a 10-8 first-round victory over ricky walden at the crucible in sheffield on sunday .. he bungled a yellow but was reprieved when walden blazed the green off the table .. and although walden looked for snookers , his tournament was over once dott dropped in the blue .. dott , who is through to the last 16 , remains aggrieved by having to play three best-of-19-frame matches just to get to the main draw .. the previous format meant a player of his standing had just one to negotiate .. graeme dott celebrates after booking his place in the second round of the world championships. the 37-year-old survived a series of twitches close to the winning line before clinching a 10-8 first-round win. ` if you get qualifiers that are just happy to be here at the crucible and get their pictures taken the three matches help , ' dott said who won the title in 2006 .. ` but if you 've got aspirations to win it 's going to hinder you later on .. ` you can see fatigue kicking in if you got to the semis because of those three extra matches .. ` i 've been to three finals and know how tiring it is . '. but he added : ` i was n't here last year which was a horrible feeling .. it 's nice to know you can still do it at the crucible . '. meanwhile , john higgins impressed with a 10-5 victory over robert milkins , and looked to be approaching the form that last saw him take the last of his four world titles in 2011 .. milkins said of his conqueror : ` it 's going to take a good man to beat him on that form .. i did well to get five frames . '. john higgins impressed with a 10-5 victory over robert milkins in his first-round clash in sheffield
mario gomez has poured cold water over suggestions he could join barcelona in the summer by insisting he is content with life at fiorentina .. german ace gomez has been linked with a move to the nou camp , however the 29-year-old insists even the lure of playing alongside the likes of lionel messi and neymar could not tempt him away from the stadio artemio franchi .. gomez , who has scored four league goals so far this season , told rai sport : ` i 'm in the sights of barcelona ?. the rumours do not interest me , i want to stay in florence .. mario gomez ( right ) has committed his future to fiorentina by insisting he is keen to stay at the viola. gomez , pictured against tottenham , left bayern munich to join fiorentina for over # 17million in july 2013 '. i came fiorentina to win , i have a goal that i have not yet reached . '. the striker joined fiorentina in july 2013 for a fee believed to be in the region of # 17.2 million .. gomez played for stuttgart and bayern munich before leaving his homeland to seal a move to the viola .. gomez insists he would reject the chance of playing alongside neymar ( centre ) and lionel messi ( right )
former new england patriots tight end aaron hernandez has been moved to a new prison a week after he was convicted of first-degree murder and sentenced to life behind bars .. a state prisons official says hernandez , 25 , was moved wednesday to the maximum-security souza-baranowski correctional center in shirley , massachusetts .. hernandez had been at cedar junction prison in walpole since he was convicted april 15 of killing 27-year-old odin lloyd in 2013 .. lloyd was dating the sister of hernandez 's fiancee .. aaron hernandez , 25 , was convicted on april 15 of killing 27-year-old odin lloyd ( right ) in 2013 .. he was sentenced to life in prison. though hernandez spent his first week after being convicted at cedar junction prison , he was moved on wednesday to souza-baranowski correctional center ( pictured ) in shirley , massachusetts. sousa-baranowski correctional center is a maximum-security prison about 40 miles west of boston , massachusetts. souza-baranowski is the state department of correction 's newest prison .. it opened in 1998 and is about 40 miles west of boston .. it houses more than 1,000 inmates , many of whom are serving life sentences , and is named for two department employees killed during a failed escape attempt in 1972 .. souza-baranowski is considered the most advanced prison in the state by the state department of corrections , according to the boston herald .. the facility has 366 cameras recording live 24 hours a day and a microwave detection perimeter with taut wire , according to cnn .. inmates in the prison are sent there because they ` present serious escape risks or pose serious threats to themselves , to other inmates , to staff , or the orderly running of the institution .. supervision of inmates is direct and constant ' .. hernandez 's new prison is about ten minues was from fort devens , where boston marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev has been held for the last two years. hernandez will be souza 's most famous inmate .. larry levine , a former federal inmate who now advises offenders heading to prison , said that some staff will treat him like anyone else , while some might ask hernandez for his autograph. there are several placement options for an inmate at souza : solitary confinement ; a less harsh but still restricted block , general population ; ` lifers block ' , for those serving life sentences ; and the ` kitchen block ' , for those who work in the prison kitchen .. it is unknown which area hernandez will be put into .. hernandez will be souza 's most famous inmate yet , according to cnn .. ` there will be a lot of staff that will treat him like an animal that he is , but there will be other staff that will want his autograph and treat him like a star , ' said larry levine , a former federal inmate who spent 10 years in high - and minimum-security prisons and founded wall street prison consultants , which advises offenders and convicts heading to prison .. it is unknown which cell block hernandez will be placed in : solitary confinement ; a less harsh but still restricted block , general population ; ` lifers block ' , for those serving life sentences ; and the ` kitchen block ' , for those who work in the prison kitchen. a corrections officer hands an inmate his meal through a small opening between the mess hall and the kitchen at souza-baranowski .. this is how hernandez will receive his meals. ninety per cent of the inmates at the prison are locked in their cells , which include a bunk , toilet and sink combination , a small writing shelf , and a stool affixed to the floor , are locked in their cells for 19 hours a day .. there is a shelf for a tv , which inmates can buy for about $ 200 .. the cells have two windows - one on the room 's door that has slots for hand , middle and ankle cuffing , and a second that looks out to a wall , buildings or trees that is approximately 4in by 20in .. on the same day as hernandez 's relocation , lloyd 's mother , ursula ward , said in a press conference that she will call hernandez as a witness in the civil suit against him .. in his new cell , hernandez will be staying about ten minutes from fort devens , where for the last two years boston marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev has been held , according to wpri .. a corrections officer monitored the security camera system at souza-baranowski , where 366 cameras are used to monitor inmate activity. electronics such as televisions , fans , and typewriters that can be purchased by inmates are clear so corrections officers know if they have been opened or tampered with. ninety per cent of the inmates at souza are locked in their cells , which include a bunk , toilet and sink combination , a small writing shelf , and a stool affixed to the floor , are locked in their cells for 19 hours a day
arrested : doug hughes ( photographed ) was arrested after landing his gyrocopter on the u.s. capitol lawn to protest campaign finance laws. the wife of a florida postal worker who landed a gyrocopter on the west lawn of the u.s. capitol to protest campaign finance laws says her husband is a patriot .. after more than two years of planning , 61-year-old doug hughes made it through restricted airspace and a no-fly zone in a gyrocopter wednesday carrying 535 letters -- one for each member of congress -- and landed the aircraft on the capitol lawn .. although hughes was promptly arrested for the stunt and charged thursday with violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft , hughes ' wife alena says she is proud of her husband .. ` from the public point of view this is very brave , ' alena told wfla . '. i think he 's patriot and i 'm proud of him . '. hughes has since been released on his own recognizance and is allowed to return to florida under certain conditions .. the mailman has received support on both facebook and twitter for the stunt .. the 61-year-old even has a fan page on facebook called ` doug hughes is awesome ' and many twitter users have riddled the social media site with kudos for the man .. patriot : hughes ' wife , alena ( photographed ) , said she is proud of her husband and said he is a ` patriot '. while , alena says she is proud of her husband and will ` support him no matter what ' the belarus native told nbc that the days following the incident have been ` stressful . '. she said that she has not slept much since her husband 's stunt and felt betrayed because if something had happened to hughes it would have affected their family .. she and hughes have a 12-year-old daughter and hughes has adult children from a previous marriage .. land : after more than two years of planning , hughes made it through restricted airspace in a gyrocopter wednesday carrying 535 letters and landed the aircraft on the capitol lawn ( photographed ). charged : hughes was promptly arrested for the stunt and charged thursday with violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft. alena struggled to describe the situation to the child and told the 12-year-old that her father ` loves his country . '. alena and hughes have been married for thirteen years , after meeting online , the two went on a few dates in moscow and st. petersburg in russia .. alena moved to the u.s. in 2002 and the two got married .. alena said she knew that doug was interested in politics but had no idea of his risky plan when he bought the gyrocopter two years ago .. she told wfla that she was sure hughes was n't doing anything wrong .. struggle : alena struggled to describe the situation to the child and told the 12-year-old that her father ` loves his country '. lawyer : alena said her husband had his own lawyer in washington , but she has hired an attorney , paul carr , in florida to represent her. alena said her husband had his own lawyer in washington , but she has hired an attorney , paul carr , in florida to represent her .. ` after discussing the situation with her , i did n't see any criminal intent , ' carr said .. ` in fact , there 's a lot of people that would like to approach congress . '. hughes ' stunt raised security concerns as lawmakers said the incident exposed a security gap .. the concerns were raised further amid revelations that hughes was interviewed by the secret service almost two years ago and revealed his plan for the stunt to both the tampa bay times -- which has recently come under fire for failing to stop the stunt -- and in a 2013 blog post .
murder-accused teenager heather mack was today given the star treatment in the bali prison where she is being held over her mother 's death .. the ` body in suitcase ' teen and her baby received a personal visit from a government minister who offered extra comforts .. mack , 19 , from chicago , could spend 15 years in jail for the murder of her mother , 62-year-old socialite sheila von wiese-mack , whose body was then stuffed inside a suitcase .. behind bars : heather mack has been keeping her baby with her in a crowded cell in bali 's kerobokan prison. yasona laoly , indonesia 's justice and human rights minister , has offered mack the chance to place the baby with a family to care for the child. indonesia 's justice and human rights minister called in unexpectedly at kerobokan prison to visit the teen. yasona laoly , indonesia 's justice and human rights minister , called in unexpectedly at kerobokan prison , where the 19-year-old is caring for baby stella .. he checked on the conditions in her cell , which she shares with eight other prisoners .. ` i 'm not happy to be raising my baby here , ' said mack , who is expected to learn on tuesday whether a panel of judges will agree to prosecution demands that she should serve 15 years for the murder .. the minister later said he was perturbed that a three-week-old baby should start her life in a prison .. he said he had offered mack the chance to place the baby with a family to care for the child .. ` i 've given her the chance to think over the offer , ' mr yasona said outside the prison .. ` there are families in bali who would be happy to take the baby in and care for her .. ` while she is considering this , i have also told her that i will arrange for her to have a room to herself inside the prison where she can care for the baby properly without other prisoners being around . '. motherhood : little stella schaefer is being cared for in prison by heather mack , 19 , who is accused of murder. allegations : heather mack is accused of the murder of her socialite mother , sheila von wiese-mack ( pictured ). locked up : mack , from chicago , could spend 15 years in jail for the murder of her mother , 62-year-old socialite sheila von wiese-mack. judges have accepted the prosecution 's case of mack 's guilt for the murder of her mother in a luxury bali hotel last august .. during the minister 's visit , mack not only told him of her concerns about the crowded cell , but she also said she wanted baby stella schaefer - named after her boyfriend tommy schaefer , 21 - to be baptised .. mr yasona said he would make arrangements for a church pastor or priest to come to the prison to perform a ceremony .. it is understood that schaefer - who is facing 18 years in jail after admitting he beat mrs mack about the face and stuffed her body in a suitcase after she allegedly attacked him - has not been made aware of the offer to have the baby he has fathered given to a balinese family .. it is expected , however , that mack will ask for a message to be passed to him in another part of kerobokan prison seeking his reaction to the offer .. tommy schaefer pictured here in prison with baby stella , who was born by caesarian on march 17 this year. during the minister 's visit , mack ( right ) not only told him of her concerns about the crowded cell , but she also said she wanted baby stella schaefer - named after her boyfriend tommy schaefer ( left ) , 21 - to be baptised. another prisoner , an indonesian woman , is sharing a cell with her seven-month old baby and several other women .. the minister 's compassion for the convicted teenager is at odds with his hard-line stance over the fate of two members of the australian so-called ` bali nine ' heroin-smuggling gang .. the two men , andrew chan and myuran sukumaran , are anxiously waiting for the result of a final appeal in the indonesian constitutional court to avoid the firing squad .. mr yasona had said earlier that ` we are ready to carry out the executions ' .. however , he has also displayed a lenient attitude to prisoners , putting forward a plan to parliament to revise the treatment of inmates serving time for corruption , terrorism and drug offences .. according to his proposed regulations , an inmate who has spent six months behind bars and who agrees to a number of conditions could have his or her sentence reduced .
labour has moved two points clear of the tories -- despite just one in three voters thinking ed miliband is ` capable ' .. mr miliband 's party has jumped to 35 per cent , up one point from last month .. the tories meanwhile remain stuck on 33 per cent , according to the pollsters ipsos mori .. despite labour 's growing lead ahead with just 21 days to go until polling day , mr miliband 's poll ratings remain dire .. mr miliband 's party has jumped to 35 per cent , up one point from last month .. the tories meanwhile remain stuck on 33 per cent , according to the pollsters ipsos mori. only a third of the public see the labour leader as a ` capable leader ' while just a quarter think he would be ` good in a crisis ' , according to the poll for the evening standard .. david cameron is seen as a better leader and is also ahead for having ' a clear vision ' for the country .. but almost two-thirds of the public say the pm is n't in touch with their lives , while 75 per cent think he favours some sections of society more than others .. mr farage has suffered another dip in his ratings , which are now almost as bad as nick clegg 's .. some 56 per cent are dissatisfied with him , which is his highest yet .. the survey by ipsos mori also reveals that ukip has fallen three points and is now languishing on just 10 per cent -- only two points ahead of the greens .. the poll comes ahead of tonight 's crunch ` challengers ' debate in which mr miliband squares up against four other party leaders -- but not nick clegg or the prime minister .. in other headline results from the state-of-play survey , natalie bennett 's green party has recovered support since her infamous ` brain fade ' gaffe on live radio , putting on two points to eight per cent .. the greens have pushed clegg 's liberal democrats into a humiliating fifth place , down one point to seven .. labour leader ed miliband leaves the methodist central hall in westminster after paying a short visit ahead of tonight 's live tv debate. the lecterns which will be used in the election debate between labour party leader ed miiband , ukip leader nigel farage , green party leader natalie bennett , scottish national party leader nicola sturgeon and plaid cymru party leader leanne wood tonight. a poll of all the polls has labour and the tories neck and neck - with both parties are on 33.9 per cent .. ukip is in third place on 12.8 per cent , the party 's lowest share for more than a month .. the liberal democrats are fourth on 7.9 per cent and the greens are fifth on 5.4 per cent .. the poll of polls is calculated using a rolling average of every nationwide poll published in the last seven days .. its figures suggest that , three weeks out from the election , the country is heading for another hung parliament , with no party likely to win the 326 seats needed to form a majority in the house of commons .. this is backed up by the latest projections of the election result .. an average of current forecasts by the guardian , the new statesman and electionforecast.co.uk gives the conservatives a one-seat lead over labour , with the tories winning 274 mps and labour 273 .
wolfsburg are showing an interest in manchester united misfit javier hernandez .. the mexico international has endured a frustrating season on loan at real madrid and spoke this week about how at times his confidence has been ` left in tatters ' .. southampton , lazio , stoke city and west ham are also interested in signing him in the summer but the prospect of champions league football with the ambitious bundesliga side could prove tempting .. bundesliga club wolfsburg are showing an interest in manchester united misfit javier hernandez. hernandez has endured a frustrating season at real madrid , and stoke and west ham are now keen on him. wolfsburg are looking to bring in another striker with nicklas bendtner failing to impress and have considered the likes of everton 's romelu lukaku but he would cost # 30million-plus .. hernandez could be bought for around # 8m as he has just one year remaining on his united contract .. the german club have also considered edin dzeko at manchester city .. the bosnia captain is an option for juventus too who have sounded out his representatives about figures .. city , however , have yet to decide whether they will definitely let dzeko go .. juventus are looking to offload fernando llorente while carlos tevez could return to boca juniors .. wolfsburg are looking to bring in another striker and have also considered edin dzeko at manchester city. united , meanwhile , are understood to have made a revised contract offer to andreas pereira .. paris saint-germain , juventus , psv eindhoven and feyenoord have all made contact with the teenage midfielder 's father marcos after the 19-year-old rejected united 's opening offer .. pereira is out of contract in the summer and unsure of his role under louis van gaal as the dutch coach continues to look for new players to add to his squad .. united are understood to have made a revised contract to andreas pereira after he rejected their first offer. psg also retain a strong interest in angel di maria but united are reluctant to sell .. psg particularly want paul pogba from juventus but his purchase will make it difficult for them to sign more than one marquee player under ffp guidelines unless they offload several of their current first team .. javier pastore , blaise matuidi , adrien rabiot and gregory van der wiel are among those that could be sacrificed .. angel di maria only arrived at united last summer so they are reluctant to submit to paris saint-germain. psg want paul pogba from juventus as well as di maria but financial fair play rules could restrict them. liverpool still anticipate goalkeeper norberto neto will join juventus .. brendan rodgers earmarked the 25-year-old argentine in december as the man they wanted to provide competition for simon mignolet and the fact the fiorentina keeper is out of contract meant he fell within their budget requirements .. they made attempts to sign him in january but were told he had a verbal agreement with juventus who want him to replace gianluigi buffon .. further talks were held last month and the indications were that the player would still be signing for the serie a champions elect .. however , his agent stefano castagna has grown impatient that juventus have not yet wrapped up the finer details .. liverpool still anticipate fiorentina goalkeeper norberto neto will join juventus rather than them. ` the only thing that is official is that neto will not be staying in florence , ' castagna told gazzetta tv .. ` since february 1 , when it became possible to talk to other clubs , we 've been evaluating offers that are interesting for the lad , in england , germany and spain in addition to italy .. ` there are many european clubs interested in neto , such as for example liverpool and paris saint-germain .. we have not made a definitive decision , but in any case he will not accept another loan move elsewhere .. brendan rodgers earmarked the argentine as the man they wanted to provide competition for simon mignolet. ` all the top clubs have a very strong reserve goalkeeper .. going to play for one of the best sides in the world you know there 's going to be another keeper to challenge for a position . '. they want a keeper , midfielder , striker and possibly a right back for the summer with james milner and danny ings among targets .. real sociedad remain very much in the hunt for burnley striker ings .. although liverpool , manchester city and manchester united have all shown varying degrees of interest in the england under 21 international they have yet to sign him up as they consider other options also .. ings has interest from borussia monchengladbach among others but sociedad have remained constant from the start .. the 23-year-old knows he can play regularly there , will be watched with interest by england coach roy hodgson and will get the money he wants .. sociedad manager david moyes has taken the club into the top half of la liga and intends to build on that in the summer and ings could prove a key acquisition .. danny ings is out of contract in the summer and has interest from spain , germany and top english clubs. tottenham , liverpool , sunderland and west ham are watching verona utility player jacopo sala .. the 23-year-old italian came through the ranks at chelsea but failed to break through and followed frank arnesen to hamburg before returning to italy .. he has since impressed particularly as a right wing back but has looked impressive in midfield also .. the italy u21 international is open to a move should verona receive suitable bids .. liverpool are weighing up options with glen johnson due to leave and barcelona showing an interest javier manquilo who is on loan from atletico madrid .. tottenham , liverpool , sunderland and west ham are watching former chelsea youngster jacopo sala. nedum onouha is being tracked by west ham , stoke , everton and hull city .. the qpr centre-back is one of several players poised to leave should the loftus road club go down as they consider streamlining their squad .. the 28-year-old has 15 months left on contract and has played regularly under chris ramsey .. qpr defender nedum onouha is being tracked a host of clubs including west ham , stoke , everton and hull. onuoha was signed by mark hughes and the stoke boss is interested in taking the former manchester city defender to the britannia stadium .. onouha is versatile and his premier league experience makes him an attractive option for the steve bruce at hull while west ham and everton have him on their lists as they consider various options for summer re-building .. west bromwich albion will make a # 3m move for wales international left back neil taylor this summer .. swansea are willing to listen to offers for the 26-year-old who has impressed several premier league managers over the past few years including brendan rodgers at liverpool and alan pardew at crystal palace .. however , tony pulis is keen to jump in and show his desire to sign the stylish defender ahead of what could be a busy summer at the hawthorns .. west bromwich albion will make a # 3m move for wales international left back neil taylor this summer. pulis has been forced to play joleon lescott at left-back after failing to sign martin olsson from norwich on january deadline day and wants taylor to provide more natural balance to his side .. albion , meanwhile , remain in talks with potential investors over a possible takeover .. stoke want to make their loan deal for victor moses into a permanent one .. chelsea are willing to sell as they look to balance the books ahead of more summer signings with shakhtar 's douglas costa , who they tried to sign in january , and real madrid 's raphael varane on their wishlist .. they will also monitor developments with theo walcott and raheem sterling though neither arsenal or liverpool intend to sell at this stage .. stoke city have had victor moses on loan from chelsea this season and now want him permanently. chelsea are willing to sell as they look to balance the books in their pursuit of shakhtar 's douglas costa. crystal palace are maintaining an interest in celtic defender efe ambrose .. the 26-year-old was the subject of a failed # 3m bid by olympiacos in january and has one year remaining on contract .. ambrose , who is 6ft 3ins tall and can also play at right back , is willing to consider a fresh challenge and celtic would sell for around # 3m in the summer .. they are also braced for offers from southampton and sunderland for virgil van dijk .. efe ambrose is willing to consider a fresh challenge and celtic would sell for around # 3m in the summer. burnley are among clubs monitoring newcastle loan star haris vuckic .. the 22-year-old slovenian , who was one of five newcastle players to be loaned to rangers in january , has been a big success for the ibrox club and is discussing the possibility of another season on loan should they gain promotion from the championship .. however , english sides are also monitoring his progress with newcastle willing to listen to offers for a player who has one year left on contract .. haris vuckic has been a big success for rangers but newcastle would consider for him from burnley. huddersfield town and celtic are keeping a watching brief on millwall 's alan dunne .. the 32-year-old club captain has amassed over 330 games for the championship side and is a firm favourite with fans for his no-nonsense defending which has also seen him receive ten red cards in a colourful career .. huddersfield and celtic are keeping a watching brief on millwall captain , and one-club man , alan dunne. dublin-born dunne has been with millwall since he was eight years old but will weigh up his options in the summer with clubs looking for cover in defence and the combative competition he brings .. dunne , who can play right-back or right midfield , has played 38 games this season and scored twice .
many of us may not have the billionaire lifestyle or scientific prowess of marvel 's tony stark , but we can now at least get his trademark hi-tech gloves at home .. laser expert patrick priebe created a working iron man-style arm and hand that fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer 's palm .. and in a video , the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches from feet away .. laser expert patrick priebe built a working iron man-style arm and hand that fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer 's palm ( pictured lighting a match ). the gadget was created by wuppertal-based mr priebe , who designs and builds metal laser gadgets to order online .. he posts videos to youtube as anselmofanzero .. his laser gloves and laser gauntlet/arm are available to order in varying wavelengths .. earlier this year , mr priebe built a laser weapon , inspired by the gatling gun .. the gun is made from aluminium and shoots rounds of 1.4-watt class 4 blue lasers .. the inventor said , although it is only strong enough to pop balloons , it is still too dangerous to be used outside. a video shows the rapid-fire weapon popping 26 balloons mounted on a wall .. eight aa batteries power the laser motor and the gun 's turret is powered by four ball bearings controlled by a mechanism under the gun .. as the barrel spins , the lasers - powered by lithium-ion batteries - are shot out .. these range from the blue 405nm-type laser model to one fitted with 445nm , or 650nm .. he also offers a ` low power green ' version on his website .. the gadgets are powered by lithium-ion cells and output ranges between 0.2 w and 1.2 w. prices are not known .. the laser glove can be fired continuously for up to three minutes before the batteries need to be replaced and can be made for either the left or right hand , or both .. he has previously built a spiderman-style web shooter and cyclops style laser glasses .. other inventions include the bond-inspired laserwatch , consisting of a metal case , screws , and a built-in laser pointer .. the rechargeable watch has an led watch module and 1,500-milliwatt laser .. earlier this year , the same german inventor built a laser weapon , inspired by the gatling gun .. the gun is made from aluminium and shoots rounds of 1.4-watt class 4 blue lasers .. the inventor said that although it is only strong enough to pop balloons , it is still too dangerous to be used outside .. a video shows the rapid-fire weapon popping 26 balloons mounted on a wall .. the gadget ( pictured ) is powered by lithium-ion cells and output ranges between 0.2 w and 1.2 w. prices are not known .. the laser glove can be fired continuously for up to three minutes before the batteries need to be replaced and it can be made for either the left or right hand , or both. the glove was inspired by iron man , also known as tony stark , played by robert downey jnr ( pictured ). eight aa batteries power the laser motor and the gun 's turret is powered by four ball bearings controlled by a mechanism under the gun .. as the barrel spins , the lasers - powered by lithium-ion batteries - are shot out .. the inventor is obviously fearful his designs will fall into the wrong hands , too , as he states on his website : ` no plans , no schematics , no blueprints ' .. the laser weapon is a taken on the iconic gatling gun invented by richard gatling in the 1860s .. mr priebe previously built a spiderman-style web shooter and cyclops style laser glasses .. other inventions include the bond-inspired laserwatch , consisting of a metal case , screws , and built-in laser pointer ( shown ). mr priebe admitted the watch was a ` pain in the a ' to make because of all the tiny parts , and the total watch took him around 40 hours to complete .. the watch is pictured popping balloons on a wall. the laser watch was inspired by 1964 bond film goldfinger .. in this scene , auric goldfinger ( played by gert fröbe ) ties james bond ( sean connery ) to a table and threatens to cut him using the laser pointer ( pictured ). in a video for reactions , the american chemical society took a look at the science of marvel 's avengers .. tony stark 's original suit , made only of iron , would have weighed around 70kg ( 150lbs ) according to the acs - not very comfortable or easy to move around in .. he later upgrades it to a gold-titanium alloy , but that would actually make things worse explained the video .. ` that suit would probably weigh around 160kg ( 350lbs ) , which might work for the hulk but not for tony stark , ' said the narrator .. however , dr raychelle burks continued that it is later made of a nickel-titanium alloy called nitinol .. the american chemical society in washington recently explained the science behind the avengers in a video .. it looked at the composition of iron man 's suit - said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies - and captain america 's shield .. the video also explained the science behind super-healing abilities. this is ` strong but light , and can be reformed after taking damage , ' she said .. ` there may also be some graphite reinforced with carbon fibre , which can take a lot of heat - useful if iron man does n't want to singe his feet using those rocket boots . '. none of this would work , though , without stark 's own portable nuclear power station - the arc reactor .. in iron man 2 this uses palladium - but we soon learn this is poisoning and killing the character .. so instead , he creates a new element - and dr burks said this might not be as far-fetched as it seems .. he uses his own particle accelerator to smash the nuclei of atoms together and make a new type of atom , which is not entirely dissimilar to the experiments taking place at real-life accelerators such as cern .
tomas berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the monte carlo masters for the third time on friday after opponent milos raonic retired with a foot injury .. raonic called a trainer after dropping serve for the second time to trail 5-2 in the first .. following a short discussion with the doctor , who had a close look at his strapped right foot , the big-serving canadian went to see berdych on the other side of the court to inform him of his decision to give up .. tomas berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the monte carlo masters following milos raonic 's injury. raonic had to retire from his quarter-final showdown with berdych due to a troublesome foot injury. berdych , who has yet to lose a set this week , will face either grigor dimitrov or gael monfils in the semi-finals of the clay-court masters tournament .. eight-time champion rafael nadal will play david ferrer , and top-ranked novak djokovic will face marin cilic .. berdych shakes hands with raonic following the canadian 's decision to retire from the encounter
a man vying to become the next kentucky governor has legally changed his name to gatewood galbraith after a late local celebrity who bid five times for the title but never won enough votes .. the 68-year-old pulaski county resident , who was known as terrill wayne newman until tuesday , told the lexington herald-leader he does n't expect to be elected but hopes the gesture will ` warm galbraith 's grave . '. his predecessor , who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema , gained a following for his wit , sharp dress sense and support of legalizing marijuana .. terrill wayne newman ( right ) , who is vying to become governor of kentucky , has legally changed his name to gatewood galbraith after the late local celebrity ( left ) who bid five times for the title but never won. the newly-christened galbraith filed paperwork on wednesday to run as an independent for the state 's highest office .. the secretary of state 's office says independent candidates must obtain 5,000 signatures from registered voters by august 11 to get their names on the general election ballot .. galbraith said he 'll run on a similar platform , but will focus on his namesake . '. i mostly will be talking about the great gatewood galbraith , ' he said .. galbraith says he and the late galbraith were ` not friends per se , ' but they shared mutual friends and knew each other on a first-name basis .. dea riley , who was the original galbraith 's running mate in 2011 , said she thinks he would find the whole name change amusing . '. i can hear him now : " i 'll tell the irs to send him the tax bill , " ' riley said .. but she also said the new galbraith ` has very big shoes to fill ' with his name and she hopes he will honor it .. ` to have gatewood 's name and message prostituted , for the sake to garner political office , is a personal affront to me in that i was not only his running mate but equally his friend and confidant , ' riley said .
arsenal are having reservations over their interest in raheem sterling following the liverpool forward 's turbulent few weeks .. the gunners are keen on the reds forward , who is stalling on a new # 100,000-per-week contract at anfield .. but it is understood the 20-year-old 's tempestuous fortnight has not gone unnoticed by members of the emirates stadium hierarchy .. arsenal may pull out of the running to sign liverpool winger raheem sterling following recent events. brendan rodgers has backed his wayward star but contract stand-off has created tension at liverpool. sterling 's decision to hold his now infamous bbc interview without liverpool 's permission is said to have surprised those at north london .. likewise , the fact he has been caught smoking shisha and inhaling nitrous oxide has not gone down well at arsenal .. and the fa cup holders are now having second thoughts over their interest in the england international fearing similar scenarios could tarnish the club 's reputation .. arsene wenger has condemned the likes of jack wilshere and wojciech szczesny over smoking incidents. england and arsenal midfielder wilshere ( right ) was involved in a smoking controversy back in february. it remains to be seen whether arsene wenger , who has been outspoken in his views against smoking , presses ahead with his interest in sterling this summer .. arsenal are unlikely to be the only club in the race to land sterling if liverpool fail to resolve the current contract impasse .. manchester city , manchester united and chelsea are monitoring sterling 's contract talks closely .. last week real madrid chief zinedine zidane admitted the spanish giants were scouting the liverpool star , while bayern munich are also interested .. real madrid 's zinedine zidane has revealed his side are keen on signing england international sterling
cosmetic surgery is often done in secret - patients hiding out at home until the bruising and swelling goes down while friends ' suspicions are waylaid with a new haircut .. but one australian woman is making her nose job so public , it even has its own hashtag .. rhiannon langley , from melbourne , is sharing every step of the journey with hundreds of thousands of strangers , who can follow along on her social media accounts on the hashtag created just for the event , #rhiannongetsrhino .. sharing is caring : rhiannon langley is posting her cosmetic surgery experience on social media through pictures and videos. influencer : the 24-year-old from melbourne has 189,000 followers on instagram. the 24-year-old hairdresser has an almost 200,000-strong following on instagram alone , and is keeping each of them updated while she undergoes rhinoplasty in thailand .. miss langley is currently in bangkok recovering at a hotel post-surgery , but has remained active on her social media accounts , posting videos on snapchat and sharing snaps on instagram .. she informed her followers of her impending surgery via the latter one week ago .. ` i 've always wanted this since i was a lot younger , and i decided why not , if it makes me happy and improves my self esteem then i 'm doing it ! '. ` yes plastic surgery is a controversial thing to do but this is my life and it 's something i 've wanted to do for so long and especially before my wedding . '. post-op selfie : langley is currently in a bangkok hotel recovering from surgery , but has remained active on social media. speaking exclusively to daily mail australia from her hotel in bangkok , miss langley explained her motivation for going public further . '. i have quite a big following on social media and i do n't want to lie about it , ' she said . '. i think people are more accepting of the decision if you own it .. ` i 've seen so many other girls on social media get things done and then try and hide it . '. i have been a bit scared about getting negative feedback , ' rhiannon added , revealing that she kept hitting ` refresh ' on her phone to read the comments coming through after she posted the announcement on instagram .. a little off here , and here : rhiannon revealed to daily mail australia that her makeover will not be a subtle one , with changes being made to the shape and length of her nose. holiday with a side of hospital : rhiannon 's $ 5,190 ` bangkok nose job ' package included a stay in a phuket beach hotel. bedside view : langley has been updating her followers with hospital snaps and post-op video messages. ` they 've all been really positive and supportive though .. obviously you get a few weird comments , but it 's been a lot better than i expected . '. she also revealed to dma that the results of the surgery will be ` quite drastic , ' with changes made to the shape and length of her nose .. but the true results wo n't show for another six months , when post-surgery swelling has gone down completely .. miss langley wanted to share her experience with her followers , having found no one in her friendship circle to turn to for guidance on what the surgery and recovery would be like .. ` none of my friends have had nose jobs , so i was searching on the internet and could n't find anything useful , ' she said .. ` i 'm owning my decision ' : rhiannon says that she decided to be honest rather than hiding it from her followers. ` so i decided to post about my experience , post photos , share how i feel , how i look , and what i 've gone through . '. miss langley is sharing videos and pictures day-by-day on her snapchat and instagram accounts respectively , and is planning blog posts as well as filming a video diary throughout her ` journey ' .. the trip to thailand started out as a relaxing beach holiday for langley and fiancé jody abrahams , before the couple travelled to bangkok for the surgery .. her sunny vacation snaps and videos have been replaced with confronting , raw glimpses of langley in recovery , sporting a swollen face and bruised purple eyes .. nuptials : langley says her thailand medical tourism package holiday was financially motivated , as she can not afford surgery in australia with her upcoming wedding to fiancé jody ( pictured ) to pay for. rhiannon says her motivation to take her surgery overseas was financially motivated .. ` the price difference [ between australia and thailand ] is huge , ' she told dma .. ` i 'm getting married in a year , so i could n't afford to have the surgery in australia . '. her trip to thailand is a $ 5,190 ` bangkok nose job ' package with cosmeditour .. the medical tourism agency has confirmed to daily mail australia that while they have assisted the social media influencer with finding accommodation , langley paid the full rate for her surgery package .. the packages include four to five star accommodation and meals , as well as the full cost of hospitalisation and surgery .. dream : the hair dresser has wanted the nose correction since she was a teenager. ` rhiannon had been considering rhinoplasty for a long time and she approached cosmeditour after being referred from a friend who previously had surgery through cosmeditour .. we are very happy to have her as a client , ' a spokesperson told daily mail australia .. ` rhiannon has a loyal instagram following and she wanted to blog about her rhinoplasty experience as it was something that she did n't want to hide .. ` we use fully accredited hospitals with internationally trained and highly skilled plastic and reconstructive surgeons and have cosmeditour personnel in all destinations .. we create four and five star packages which include surgery , accommodation , transfers , meals and do n't charge any additional agency fee for our services . '. langley said she has wanted nose correction surgery since she was a teen , and wanted it done before her wedding to abrahams in 2016 .. ` he likes me as i am now , but he supports my decision and is here taking care of me , ' rhiannon said .. and she was n't put off by recent criticism of the industry following the death of gold coast woman , evita nicole sarmonikas , in mexico after a reported buttock implants , or the story of courtney o'keefe , from perth , who contracted a life-threatening infection following breast enlargement surgery in thailand . '. i have had a lot of friends use cosmeditour for boob jobs and tummy tucks , and have seen such good results , ' so i did n't hesitate for a second , ' said langley .. langley started her blog and instagram accounts two years ago as a way to promote her home hairdressing business .. her following has grown to over 189,000 , and the pretty brunette has capitalised on her popularity , launching a body oil business and working on a swimwear line .
a sales manager who claimed he was left too disabled to work after a ` minor ' road accident ten years ago has been accused of attempting a # 600,000 fraud - after being pictured out in a coffee shop with his celebrity friend max clifford .. kevin morgan , 55 , of weybridge in surrey , was injured when a land rover discovery reversed into his stationary rover 75 while he was working in dorset in september 2005 .. the married engineer suffered whiplash , which developed into chronic pain syndrome and a resulting deep depression , which together have ended his working life , his lawyers claim .. but as his # 600,000 damages claim began at the central london county court , he was accused of a staggering fraud by motor insurers , direct line group .. kevin morgan ( pictured right ) was filmed meeting up in a coffee shop with his friend max clifford ( pictured left ) .. morgan claims that a car accident in 2005 has left him in too much pain to leave his home regularly. william featherby qc , for direct line , said mr morgan had been put under surveillance and shown to be far from the disabled wreck he claims to be .. he could be seen out walking , joking with a builder , striking up conversation with a stranger , crouching to fix the light on his car and as part of a gathering of friends -- including disgraced pr guru clifford -- in a coffee shop .. ` we submit that the surveillance evidence shows no sign of disability or distress whatever ; rather , it just shows a normal man of mr morgan 's age , ' said the barrister .. ` the court can properly find that he has been and is exaggerating deliberately to an unconscionable degree . '. the court heard mr morgan claims he is in so much pain , particularly in his neck , that he only rarely leaves his house .. but the qc said he had been watched by private investigators on 12 random days over three years up to 2013 and seen leaving his house on 10 of those days .. ` on the 10 days , you were out and about , walking briskly and behaving perfectly normally , ' he told mr morgan .. ` when we see you on those 10 occasions , your neck does n't go into spasm .. mr morgan is pictured outside central london county court where the fraud case hearing continues. questioned on the difference in his demeanour on the day in the coffee shop and in court , mr morgan said one had been a ` good ' day and the other ` bad ' .. ` i 'm not a dishonest person and i feel like it 's almost like i 'm on a murder charge , ' he told judge david mitchell . '. i feel like i need to clear my name . '. his barrister simon browne qc said the surveillance footage shown in court actually backed mr morgan 's case .. ` it reinforces mr morgan 's post-accident limitations , as his daily life has been reduced to a 1,350 foot radius around his home , ' he said .. ` the footage proves that he no longer participates in the maintenance and diy activities that were once such a large part of his life . '. the court heard that , before the accident and until 2009 , mr morgan had worked as a senior accounts manager for a tools manufacturer .. he was a golfer and especially houseproud , keeping his home and garden in an ` immaculate ' condition , doing bricklaying , carpentry , plumbing and decorating himself .. he and his partner of more than 30 years , deloris , holidayed often , visiting greece , germany , turkey and various destinations in the uk .. the accident , and its after-effects , put an end to all that , mr browne told the judge .. neck pain progressed to headaches , with blurred and double vision .. his sleep was badly affected and he had numbness in his hands .. a consultant psychiatrist who assessed him said his depression was most likely to have been caused by being told his chronic pain was ` likely to be incurable ' , he added .. experts said he would probably never work again and was more likely to remain in a ` retired ' lifestyle , even at only 55 years old , he continued .. if his claim was really fraudulent , he had managed to pull the wool over doctors ' and other specialists ' eyes for years , said the barrister .. and , by taking such a claim to court , he was risking losing his home if it went against him , mr browne added .. however , mr featherby said the accident was ` not serious ' and ` low impact ' , occurring when another driver reversed into mr morgan 's car as he sat stationary in a residential street .. it displaced the bumper from his car , but he put it back on with the help of another and did not need to take any time off work immediately afterwards , said the qc .. he said direct line accepted the accident was genuine and that mr morgan initially required attention for his injuries .. however , the qc is focusing his specific allegation of ` fraud ' on the time after 2009 , when mr morgan was made redundant from his job .. mr morgan strongly refutes direct line 's accusations .
poland said it is demanding a formal apology from the u.s. over the comments made by fbi director james comey ( pictured above ). the us ambassador for poland has been forced to apologise for comments made by the head of the fbi who blamed polish people for helping the nazis kill jews during the holocaust .. james coney had written an editorial opinion piece for the washington post claiming poland shares responsibility for the holocaust with germany .. the piece sparked outrage among polish politicians and media .. us ambassador stephen mull met with the polish deputy foreign affairs minister and apologised for the comments .. he said : ' i made clear that the opinion that poland is in any way responsible for the holocaust is not the position of the united states .. ` nazi germany alone bears responsibility . '. mr mull said he now had ' a lot of work ' to do to rectify the situation .. comey 's april 16 opinion piece in the washington post stated that poland played a role in nazi germany 's genocide of six million european jews in the holocaust .. ` in their minds , the murderers and accomplices of germany , and poland , and hungary , and so many , many other places did n't do something evil , ' comey wrote .. the piece was titled why i require fbi agents to visit the holocaust museum .. ` they convinced themselves it was the right thing to do , the thing they had to do , ' it continues .. poland 's president bronislaw komorowski told public television that comey 's comments showed a ` lack of historical knowledge ' and were an ` insult to thousands of poles who helped jews ' .. on sunday foreign ministry spokesman marcin wojciechowski wrote on twitter that mull would ` receive a note of protest and a summons for an apology . '. us ambassador stephen mull apologised to poland. the us ambassador was quick to present an informal apology at memorial ceremonies in the polish capital on sunday marking the 72nd anniversary of the warsaw ghetto uprising .. six million polish citizens were killed under nazi germany 's occupation of poland during world war ii .. while half of the victims were jewish , the other half were christian .. historical records show instances of poles turning against their jewish neighbours , either killing them or giving them up to the nazis .. poles also risked their lives and families to save jews .. in 2012 , us president barack obama caused outrage in warsaw when he labelled a world war ii nazi german facility in occupied poland used to process jews for extermination a ` polish death camp ' .. he subsequently expressed ` regret ' at what he called his inadvertent use of the erroneous term ` polish death camp . '. poland 's government keenly watches the global media for descriptions of former nazi german death camps as ` polish .. it says the term - even if used simply as a geographical indicator - can give the impression that poland bore responsibility for the holocaust .. us ambassador to poland stephen mull ( pictured right ) was quick to present an informal apology at memorial ceremonies marking the 72nd anniversary of the warsaw ghetto uprising in warsaw on sunday ( above he lays flowers at monument to the ghetto heroes ). in the april 16 opinion piece titled why i require fbi agents to visit the holocaust museum , comey wrote : ` in their minds , the murderers and accomplices of germany , and poland , and hungary , and so many , many other places did n't do something evil ' ( above the united states holocaust memorial museum in d.c. )
violent protesters in baltimore , maryland injured several police officers on monday , throwing bricks and rocks at the overwhelmed cops hiding behind riot armor .. while most of the cops tried not to engage with the protesters , at least one officer was seen throwing the rocks right back at the mostly-young groups of rioters even as the nation watched on live tv .. a photo taken by photographer patrick semansky captures the moment one police officer threw a rock back at protesters while his fellow cops looked on .. a baltimore police officer was pictured monday night lobbing a piece of rock back at protesters. and a video of one intense interaction between a group of rioters and police showed a similar scene , though it 's unclear whether the clip captured the same officer .. baltimore police did not immediately return daily mail online 's request for comment tuesday morning .. fifteen police officers were injured monday - two seriously - in the clashes with angry mobs rioting over the death of freddie gray .. about 27 people have been arrested after looting local businesses and setting several buildings on fire as revenge for gray 's death .. baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake has promised that the rioters will be held accountable for the damage they have caused .. maryland governor larry hogan also announced a state of emergency and called the national guard to come and help local police .. tuesday night , a curfew will be put in place from 10pm until 5am .. gray died on april 19 from spinal trauma , a week after he was arrested and possibly injured while in police custody .. the department of justice is currently investigating whether officers who arrested gray on april 12 caused the fatal trauma .. on the offensive : above , a young man throws a brick at police following the funeral of freddie gray in baltimore , maryland on monday. back and forth : fifteen police officers were injured in the clashes with protesters monday night , including two who were in a serious condition
a utah couple who had been married for 74 years died five hours apart .. madelyn yensen , 94 , of salt lake city , died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9.30 pm .. just after her mother died , carol bradford went to see her 95-year-old father at a care center and told him the news . '. i leaned over and whispered in his ear , " mom has passed , and she 's waiting for you in heaven , " ' bradford said . '. i think after that , he knew he had accomplished what he needed , and he felt that he could let go . '. shortly after her visit on april 7 , bradford 's father died of heart failure .. marcus yensen , 95 ( left ) , and his wife madelyn , 94 ( right ) , died within hours of each other earlier this month after a romance that started with a month of dating and continued through 74 years of marriage. madelyn died after suffering a seizure when she was called over to her husband 's bedside and was holding his hand , according to ksl .. the traumatic attack was the last time they saw each other .. ` they were always together , and they were always very happy with each other , ' she said .. her father always insisted her mother should die at home with proper care , bradford said .. the two married on october 17 , 1940 , only a month after they met when he took a dance lesson from her at a local studio .. they had lived since 1949 in a quaint , brick home where they raised their three children and adopted a calico cat named moonpie who had shown up repeatedly at their doorstep .. the couple 's son , byron yensen , said that while it was painful to lose both parents in a single day , it was comforting to know they were n't apart from each other long .. the couple live in the same brick house for more than 65 years .. a funeral service for them will be held at their local church ( pictured ). ` it would have been very difficult for mom or dad to live without the other , ' he told the deseret news .. ` they really loved each other . '. ` he did n't want to die and leave her here .. he wanted to take care of her , ' he added .. a joint obituary for the couple said ` being the gentlemen he always was , and showing the eternal love they had together , marcus held the gates of heaven open so madelyn could walk in first , then followed her ' .. marcus yensen , who had been fighting heart problems for months before his death , was a world war ii navy veteran and union pacific railroad engineer , while his wife was a homemaker .. the couple renewed their vows last year on their anniversary. a funeral service will be held may 9 at st. paul 's episcopal church in salt lake city .
worried : alice dreger attended the class at east lansing high school after her son asked her to sit in on it so she could hear what was going on first hand. an outraged mom live tweeted her son 's sex education class after becoming outraged by its abstinence only stance .. author alice dreger took to twitter to express her horror at what she heard at east lansing high school , in michigan , when she sat in on a lesson earlier this week .. ms dreger , a respected professor , began furiously tweeting out the contents of the lesson - which was filled with horror stories about what happened to people who have pre-marital sex .. according to the 45 tweets sent by ms dreger during the lesson , stories included people who lost all their friends when they became pregnant , people who fell into comas for 11 years after taking drugs and high school dropouts .. ` the whole lesson here is " sex is part of a terrible lifestyle .. drugs , unemployment , failure to finish school -- sex is part of the disaster " , ' tweeted ms dreger .. she added : ' i feel like raising my hand and saying " can i tell my sexual history , which involves a lot of pleasure before and during marriage ? " '. ms dreger also complained of the incorrect information being handed to the students , who are freshmen in high school , by the teacher , who did not normally work at the school .. at one point , paper babies were handed around the class to show how ` easily ' condoms fail : the teacher claimed they were ineffective one in six times .. " we are going to roll this dice eight times , ' ms dreger reported the teacher as saying .. ` every time your number comes up , in pretend your condom failed and you get a paper baby . '. in fact , according to the nhs , just two in 100 women will get pregnant a year when people use condoms correctly .. outrage : ms dreger 's tweets , above , show just how cross she got during the class earlier this week. untrue : the school has denied it only teaches abstinence , saying it just happened to be that day 's lesson. the tweets went viral , with people across the world getting involved with the debate over sex education .. but the school has denied it only teaches abstinence - saying it was just that day 's lecture which focused on the subject .. ` abstinence-based instruction teaches that abstinence is the only way to be completely safe , but the curriculum also reviews contraception choices .. this parent attended on a day where abstinence was being taught , ' high school principal coby fletcher said in the statement released to the lansing state journal .. the school has taken no direct action against ms dreger for the tweets .. they have , however , banned her from the premises - apart from her son 's events - for swearing at the end of the lesson .. @alicedreger : the kid has invited me to his health class on sex ed to see how bad it is , so i 'm going .. but hands over my mouth means i ca n't live-tweet it. they stuck me in the corner with my computer and there is wifi ... so i can live tweet this .. we still pledge loyalty to the flag , huh ?. @alicedreger : i ca n't stand this .. they 're teaching " abstinence stories " that worked and non-abstinence " stories that " led to consequences . ". @alicedreger : the visitor-teacher is telling my kid abstinence education reduces premarital sex .. my kid is trying to show her studies that dispute that .. @alicedreger : she 's being completely condescending .. " you can look up anything on the internet " then refers him to site on abstinence education !. @alicedreger : i feel like raising my hand and saying " can i tell my sexual history , which involves a lot of pleasure before and during marriage ? ". @alicedreger : and how i 've had a lot of lovers and have never gotten pregnant by accident ?. yes , i had hpv !. and i would get the vaccine !. @alicedreger : in fact i have had the vaccine !. @alicedreger : now we 're hearing a horror story about marijuana use .. @alicedreger : the regular health teacher in trying to shut my kid up referred to " lgbyt . ". and how the board decides what we learn .. @alicedreger : the guy telling the " abstinence " story is now telling us about having sex as a teenager .. @alicedreger : now he 's talking about getting a girl preg and them hiding it from their parents .. yup , that 's what sexual shame does , dude !. @alicedreger : preg girl got picked on so her friends desserted her .. that 's what happens if you have sex , kids !. @alicedreger : he and the girl both had alcoholic fathers .. but somehow he 's not recommending never drinking .. @alicedreger : the whole lesson here is " sex is part of a terrible lifestyle .. drugs , unemployment , failure to finish school -- sex is part of the disaster ". @alicedreger : this guy really thinks this story of " i f ***** up for years and years " is going to lead to other kids not f **** up .. @alicedreger : whereas the lesson i would take is " sometimes it takes years to get your s *** together , and that 's okay " ?. @alicedreger : oh and of course , now a story about a friend who od ` ed and " was a vegetable 11 years .. tore their family apart . ". @alicedreger : this whole story of od 's , people in prison , out-of-marriage pregnancies is ironically a story of this guy 's resilience and normalcy .. @alicedreger : " i have a daughter whose 21 and i would go absolutely nuts if i knew she ever let a stranger into her house . ". @alicedreger : " i finally met a great girl who was brought up in abstinence , and her life was so much better .. i put her on a pedestal above everyone else . ". @alicedreger : " i liked her so much [ i so wanted to **** her ] i decided to change my lifestyle and go with abstinence [ until i could f *** her ] . ". @alicedreger : " two years after we started dating i asked her to marry me and we 're 8 years married . ". and i 'll bet yer f **** , are n't ya !. @alicedreger : " we 're not saying having sex is a bad thing .. my story i can say having sex was a bad thing for me because i craved it . ". @alicedreger : " you 'll find a good girl .. if you find one that says ` no , ' that 's the one you want . ". he actually just said that .. @alicedreger : " we can look up things on the internet but until you live that lifestyle you wo n't see it the same . ". the whole talk is " lifestyle . ". @alicedreger : now the woman is up .. " sometimes condoms fail . ". @alicedreger : she says " it is absolutely better to use something than nothing " in terms of birth control .. " but it can fail . ". @alicedreger : " it takes only 1 sperm to fertilize an egg .. it takes only 1 time having sex to get pregnant . ". yet she 's not suggesting oral or a *** .. @alicedreger : she 's now telling story of condom box in which every single condom had a hole .. @alicedreger : she says per the fda 1 out of every 400 boxes of condom can be totally defective .. " you might get that 400th box . ". @alicedreger : about 18 % chance a condom will fail , she says .. @alicedreger : " on average 1 out of 6 times there is a mishap with a condom . ". " every day in us 1600 + teen pregnancies . ". you drop out of school .. your kids end up in the army .. @alicedreger : " we are going to roll this dice 8 times .. every time your number comes up , in pretend your condom failed and you get a paper baby . ". @alicedreger : paper babies are being handed out to everyone .. they have all had condom failure and the whole class is pregnant .. @alicedreger : " you have to have a baby ! ". there are apparently no scissors in the room for paper abortions .. @alicedreger : " i 'm going to collect the babies that you do n't want .. @alicedreger : " safe sex is kind of a misnomer . ". @alicedreger : it 's over .. @alicedreger : i ca n't get up .
a man tragically ran over his granddaughter friday morning as he moved his truck in the driveway .. in what is being described as a horrific accident , 20-month-old kendra moad of kearns , utah followed her grandfather , who has not been named , out of the house as he pulled his truck forward so he could move some garbage cans .. he did not however see the toddler in front of his truck and killed her .. kendra moad ( above ) of kearns , utah followed her grandfather out of the house friday morning and into the driveway. he did not see the toddler and ran her over as he pulled his truck up in the driveway ( above ) to move the trash cans and ran over and killed the 20-month-old. ` he got into the red chevy pickup truck parked at the residence to pull it forward so he could move the garbage cans and unfortunately the child managed to get under , in front of car and he ran over the child , ' unified police department lt. justin hoyal told fox 13 .. ` very tragic situation here today . '. kendra suffered severe head trauma and was unconscious when medical workers arrived , and was pronounced dead shortly after at a nearby hospital .. this is now the fourth time since august that a child was accidentally run over and killed in their own driveway by a family member in utah .. the grandfather is not facing any charges at this time , but the case remains under investigation .. ` no family member ever wants to go through something like this , and so it 's always important that when you are pulling out , you 're backing out of your driveway : just take that extra second to check and make sure there is nobody , none of the children have followed you out , or nobody is around your vehicle , ' said hoyal .
university students who smoke cannabis can expect to get lower grades across the board but especially if they are studying maths , a new study has revealed .. statistics collected at maastricht university in holland , where cannabis is decriminalised , have shown that students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses .. at the same time , foreign students who did not have ready access to the mind bending drug did better on average , the observer reported .. the study will rankle with the increasing number calling for the legislation of cannabis around the world. economists olivier marie from the dutch university and ulf zölitz of iza made their findings based on what happened in maastricht in 2011 when the city let only german , dutch and belgian nationals have access to its 13 coffee shops , where cannabis was sold .. the restriction was put in place to combat drug tourism which was thought to be tarnishing the city 's image .. tourists particularly from france and luxembourg were visiting masstricht solely to smoke cannabis .. marie and zölitz studied the 54,000 sets of grades from students all around the world and came to a stark conclusion .. in a paper recently unveiled at the royal economic society conference in manchester the economists showed plainly that those without easy access to the drug did better in their studies on average .. the temporary prohibition constrained consumption amongst the non-german , dutch and belgian nationals and their brain function improved .. students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses. marie was quoted as saying the difference was found to be similar to those observed in the us when students reach legal drinking age .. the change before and after restriction was seen to be even more pronounced amongst ` low achievers ' .. without access to cannabis they had a 7.6 percent chance of passing the courses .. the pair also came to stark conclusions when looking at stats for maths students .. for those courses numerical skills the policy effect was ` five times larger ' .. for those stuying courses with numerical skills the policy effect was ` five times larger ' , the maastricht university ( pictured ) study stark concluded. while there is increasing clamour for the legalisation of cannabis across the world , the economists say there is very little evidence of how the drug -- which has been linked to psychosis -- affects society .. coffee shops may start to spring up in berlin with uruguay planning to be the first country to fully legalise the drug .. the drug study says : ` if marijuana is legalised like it is in many states in the us , we should at least inform consumers about the negative consequences of their drug choices . '. consuming thc -- tetrahydrocannabinol -- the active ingredient in cannabis is much the same as drinking pure vodka it concludes .. marie , a father , said the study has informed how he advises his own 13-year-old son , about cannabis and he shares the findings as a precautionary measure .. the economists say there is little evidence of how the drug , linked to psychosis , affects wider society
virgin galactic hopes to begin testing a new version of spaceshiptwo by the end of the year , according to the company 's chief executive .. its previous plane was destroyed in a crash in the mojave desert in october 2014 .. the company said it is planning to use lessons learned from the crash to ensure that the new spacecraft works ` better ' .. chief executive george whitesides has said the new spacecraft ( shown in construction ) is nearly ready .. he said it could begin test flights by the end of this year .. its predecessor was destroyed in the mojave desert on 31 october 2014 .. co-pilot michael alsbury was killed and pilot peter siebold was injured. the comments were made by chief executive george whitesides at the annual space symposium in colorado springs , reported the financial times .. ` the first message that i wanted to communicate is that we are moving forward well , ' mr whitesides told the audience .. ` the team is doing great and has turned a corner - that is the second spaceship . '. ticket cost : the starting price for flights is # 150,000 ( $ 250,000 ) .. the first will be by richard branson and his family .. training : passengers are required to go through a ` pre-flight experience programme ' , including three days of pre-flight preparing onsite at the spaceport to ensure passengers are physically and mentally fit to fly .. once aboard : spaceshiptwo will carry six passengers and two pilots .. each passenger gets the same seating position with two large windows - one to the side and one overhead .. flight path : a climb to 50,000 ft ( 15,000 metres ) before the rocket engine ignites and spaceshiptwo separates from its carrier aircraft , white knight ii .. passengers become ` astronauts ' when they reach the karman line 62 miles ( 100km ) up .. virgin galactic has not named this vehicle yet .. the first was called sw12 8qyvss enterprise .. construction on the spacecraft began in 2012 , as virgin galactic always planned to have more than one craft .. ` assembly of spaceshiptwo serial 2 is now 75 per cent complete , and we are on track to start the vehicle 's test program this year , ' a spokesperson from the company told mailonline .. ` this programme includes both ground and flight tests , the exact timing of which will be dictated by safety and readiness rather than deadlines . '. the previous spaceshiptwo was destroyed on 31 october 2014 when co-pilot michael alsbury accidentally pulled a lever that activated the craft 's ` feathering system ' .. this is used to help the vehicle slow down and return from space - but deploying it at the wrong moment caused the spacecraft to disintegrate .. alsbury was killed in the resultant crash , while pilot peter siebold was seriously injured - but somehow survived when he was thrown clear of the cockpit in his seat .. while the fault appears to have been down to human error - and not a mechanical fault - the national transportation safety board is yet to publish its report on the crash .. the first spaceshiptwo spacecraft , vss enterprise ( pictured ) , was destroyed when co-pilot michael alsbury accidentally pulled a level that activated the craft 's ` feathering system ' at high speeds .. deploying it at the wrong moment caused the spacecraft to disintegrate. ` the team is doing great and has turned a corner - that is the second spaceship , ' said chief executive george whitesides , left .. richard branson , right , has previously spoken of his desire to push forward. while the crash of vss enterprise ( shown ) appears to have been down to human error - and not mechanical - the national transportation safety board ( ntsb ) is yet to publish its report. debris was scattered across the mojave desert following the crash .. although alsbury was killed , siebold was able to somehow survive when his seat was thrown clear of the disintegrating cockpit. one issue is that spacecraft are normally required to be capable of handling two errors .. but in this case only one - the pulling of the lever - was enough to cause a catastrophic failure .. mr whitesides was confident , though , that the company could overcome the disaster .. ` i think , ultimately , we will have a better spaceship for it , ' he said , adding that they still had ` roughly 700 [ customers ] who are eager to fly . '. celebrities among the 700 who have tickets include ashton kutcher ( left ) and leonardo dicaprio ( right ). while spaceshiptwo was destroyed , the white knight ii plane carrying it - shown - remained intact , and will likely be used again for the successor
crash : today 's catastrophic bloomberg crash is rumoured to have been caused by a spilt can of coke in the city of london office. it might just have been the most expensive can of coke ever .. for a massive computer glitch that halted trading in stock exchanges around the world yesterday is being blamed on a spilt fizzy drink .. dealing across europe and asia was thrown into chaos by the crash of the server at bloomberg 's offices in the city of london .. bloomberg 's computer system is the world 's largest dealing platform and is used by most banks and trading floors .. more than 300,000 screens suddenly went offline for several hours just after the start of trading , leaving brokers unable to work .. trillions of pounds of trading had to be stopped or diverted and the government 's attempts to sell # 3billion of bonds , known as gilts , on the debt markets had to be delayed for several hours until the problem was fixed .. bloomberg blamed a ` combination of hardware and software failures in the network ' for the outage , which was first reported at around 8.20 am and lasted into the afternoon .. but reports from inside the company suggested that a spilled can of coke in one of the server rooms had been responsible for knocking out systems across two continents .. the uk 's debt management office had to delay the # 3billion sale of government bonds because the blackout meant potential investors did not have access to the information they needed to make a deal .. a dmo spokesman said the delay was ` due to ongoing technical issues with the third party platform ' but the sale eventually went ahead .. stock market sources said it was highly unusual for a sale of debt to be delayed by a technical issue .. david buik at broker panmure gordon said it was regrettable that the auction had been delayed but would not have any long term consequences for the government .. essential to traders : bloomberg 's computer system is the world 's largest dealing platform and is used by most banks and trading floors .. today 's glitch ( pictured above ) caused chaos across europe and asia. the outage saw screens around the world display a message saying : ' *** connection status *** connecting ... '. bloomberg , founded by the us billionaire michael bloomberg , makes more than # 6billion a year from leasing its hi-tech software to banks and trading floorsacross the world .. each machine costs # 13,000 a year .. the computers , which typically have two or more screens , provide real-time trading information of share prices and commodities such as crude oil or gold .. but they are also used to buy and sell shares , bonds and other financial instruments -- meaning that many of the traders were unable to work without them .. an influential city boss has claimed today 's bloomberg crash was the worst he 's seen in up to 15 years .. steve collins , global head of dealing at asset management firm london & capital , told the guardian : ' i have n't seen it go down like this for 10 or 15 years .. ` bloomberg is usually the one stable thing ; it 's the thing that everyone ca n't live without . '. he said traders at london & capital were left ` twiddling their thumbs ' after their terminals went down .. he added : ` big banks will pump thousands of orders across bloomberg , so the outage had quite an effect on the market . '. presumably overwhelmed , bloomberg 's helpline was not answering calls during the catastrophic glitch .. at first there were suggestions that the outage could have been caused by hackers .. cyber security expert greg sims from uk firm glasswall said the glitch looked suspicious .. he said : ' i ca n't say categorically that it was a cyber attack , but if you look at what 's been going on recently , you know that large organisations like this are always targets .. ` these guys who hack into these things are very very clever people and can get into large organisations and do some serious nasty damage . '. a spokesman for bloomberg said : ` significant but not all parts of our network experienced a disruption .. ` we experienced a combination of hardware and software failures in the network , which caused an excessive volume of network traffic .. ` this led to customer disconnections as a result of the machines being overwhelmed .. ` we discovered the root cause quickly , isolated the faulty hardware , and restarted the software .. we are reviewing our multiple redundant systems , which failed to prevent this disruption .. we apologise to our customers . '. according to bbc journalist joe lynam , bloomberg has stressed that coke was not to blame for the outage today , not was cyber crime .. in a twitter statement the company said : ` there is no indication at this point that this is anything other than an internal network issue . '. bloomberg terminals , known as bloomberg professional , are used by more than 315,000 finance professionals across the globe , and they are a crucial part of the daily flow of financial markets .. the machines , which cost subscribers more than # 13,000 a year , provide a vast share of the company 's # 6 billion in annual revenue .. many of the bigger banks and financial institutions have backup systems as well as alternative data suppliers , with products from competitors such as thomson reuters in place to avoid a major disruption .. vital to traders : one of bloomberg 's terminals , used by more than 315,000 finance professionals. the computers , which typically have two or more screens , provide real-time trading information of share prices and commodities such as crude oil or gold .. but they are also used to buy and sell shares , bonds and other financial instruments -- meaning that many of the traders were unable to work without them .. at first there were suggestions that the outage today could have been caused by hackers .. the outage saw screens around the world display a message saying : ' *** connection status *** connecting ... '. some systems came back online shortly after 9am , but other users continued to report the glitch or slow performance throughout the morning .. and in a message earlier , it said that it ` had restored service to most customers and are making progress in bringing all parts of the network back online .. we apologize to our customers ' .. commenting on the coke can rumour , a bloomberg spokesman told mailonline : ` that did n't happen . '. some financial workers saw the funny side of today 's crash while also pointing out that the last tweet sent my bloomberg before the outage was an article on the dangers of hacking .. market analyst dan davis tweeting : ` currently printing 5,000 ' i survived the great global bloomberg outage of 2015 ' t-shirts . '. and another twitter user , barnejek , offered a solution to greece 's financial problems , posting : ` come on @yanisvaroufakis and @tsipras_eu !. with bloomberg down , this is your chance to default and exit the emu without any repercussions . '
manchester united have fought all season to try to secure a return to the champions league , but six players shown the exit door at old trafford are in the competition 's final four .. last season 's disastrous campaign under david moyes saw united miss out on europe 's premier competition for the first time in 19 years , with patrice evra and javier hernandez members of the failing squad .. but those two - plus cristiano ronaldo , carlos tevez , paul pogba and gerard pique - have all made the semi-finals in their former club 's absence from the competition .. javier hernandez scored the winner for real madrid against atletico .. he is on loan from manchester united. patrice evra was part of david moyes ' failing side last season but he now plays for italian side juventus. hernandez and ronaldo combined for real madrid 's winner against atletico madrid on wednesday night , with the former only on loan and deemed surplus to requirements by louis van gaal who has instead relied on misfiring radamel falcao .. meanwhile , tevez was leading the line for juventus , with evra at left back , in their 0-0 draw against monaco that won a place in the last four .. pogba is out with a thigh injury but could return in the time for the semi-finals next month .. finally , pique is enjoying one of the best seasons of his career at centre back for barcelona and helped keep out paris saint-germain 's fearsome attack that featured zlatan ibrahimovic and edinson cavani on tuesday night .. cristiano ronaldo has gone from strength to strength since leaving united and is in the last four once again. carlos tevez went to manchester city between his stints with united and juventus , who beat monaco. whatever happens in the semi-finals , there will be at least one former old trafford representative at the champions league final in berlin 's olympic stadium on may 6 .. united are on course for a return to europe 's top table next season , with their position inside the barclays premier league 's top four looking fairly safe ahead of liverpool who sit eight points behind .. but for now , the champions league semi-finals are the home of their former players , rather than their current ones .. gerard pique spent time at united between two spells with barcelona , and he is in the semi-finals with them. paul pogba was released by the old trafford club after spending his youth there and plays for juve now
the white house was stalling for time on wednesday as talks with iran over its nuclear program threatened to stretch into another day of overtime .. president barack obama 's spokesman refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling , saying he would leave those announcements to negotiators .. but he confirmed that ` the sense that we have is yes , that the talks continue to be productive and that progress is being made . '. speculation was swirling on wednesday afternoon that representatives from the six countries , including the u.s. , participating in the switzerland-based discussions with iran in were on the verge of making a deal as french foreign minister laurent fabius rushed back to lausanne .. u.s. secretary of state john kerry , right , checks his watch outside the beau rivage palace hotel in a break during iran nuclear program talks in lausanne .. six world powers and iran are still trying to reach a preliminary accord on reining in tehran 's nuclear program , after failing to agree crucial details such as the lifting of u.n. sanctions by a midnight deadline the day before. german foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier had said earlier in the day that his french counterpart would come back once the discussions ` enter a decisive stage . '. a french official told reuters fabius ' return should not be interpreted to mean a deal was imminent , however .. already on hand were u.s. secretary of state john kerry and britain 's foreign secretary philip hammond .. a spokesman for kerry said wednesday afternoon that the cabinet-level official would remain in switzerland overnight and indicated that a political ` understanding ' with iran had not yet been reached .. journalists covering the talks in switzerland were provided with a ` lid , ' or promise that no news would be made , until at least the wee hours of thursday morning , meaning news of a deal , if one is in the works , could come as early as wednesday evening on the east coast .. the white house 's top spokesman josh earnest cautiously discussed the ongoing talks as he fielded more than a dozen pointed questions on the subject during his daily briefing wednesday afternoon .. rotating between tough talk and a soft-handed approach , earnest said ` the time has come for the iranian negotiators to begin to make the kind of serious commitments that international community , including the united states , will insist upon .. ` while the talks have been productive , we have not yet received the specific tangible commitments that the international community seeks . '. discussions were scheduled to cease at midnight on tuesday if iran was still unwilling to agree to terms set forth by russia , china , britain , germany , the u.s. and france , known globally as the p5 +1 .. the white house had last week said that march 31 was a hard deadline for a preliminary accord , to be formalized by june 30 , and that talks had dragged on long enough .. as the clocked ticked down , however , it made an about-face and said the u.s. would continue to work toward a deal as long as it felt progress was being made .. earnest said wednesday that the united states ' thinking ` has n't changed ' and it would not ` arbitrarily ' or ` abruptly ' end talks if it made sense to continue .. at the same time , he said , if the u.s. sense that ` the talks have stalled ' they , in conjunction with the international community , would walk away .. good news on the way ?. from left : british foreign secretary philip hammond , senior director at the national security council robert malley and kerry chat during a break in discussions. stall tactics : president barack obama 's spokesman , josh earnest , refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling on wednesday afternoon , saying he would leave those announcements to negotiators. he rejected the notion that the u.s. was giving iran too much ` leeway ' in the talks , telling a reporter , we are ` insisting on a good deal . '. a good deal , the white house said said on repeat , is one that would stop iran from developing a nuclear weapon , and the president will not accept a ` bad deal . '. what would happen if an acceptable deal can not be reached was unclear as the white house was wo n't to engage in hypothetical scenarios . '. i am at this point reluctant to fast forward to what would happen at the end of the day if an agreement is not reached because they are still discussing an agreement right now as we speak , ' earnest told reporters .. if diplomacy , fails , he said that the ` military option ' would be considered as would additional sanctions .. the white house has resisted bipartisan efforts to put new restrictions on iran throughout the last several months , saying it would veto sanctions legislation if it came to the president 's desk .. ` but yeah , if those negotiations break down and the iranians walk away without demonstrating the willingness to make some serious commitments , then that does bring some of those issues back into play , ' earnest said wednesday .. ` we 'll evaluate that when we come to it . '. senators have said they will begin voting on legislation to insert themselves into the process after they return from their passover-easter break on april 13 if the white house has n't sealed a deal .. president barack obama and vice president joe biden , along with the white house 's national security team , participate on tuesday in a secure video teleconference from the situation room of the white house with secretary of state john kerry , energy secretary ernest moniz and the u.s. team in lausanne , switzerland. russian foreign minister sergei lavrov claimed wednesday morning that ` ministers have reached a general agreement on all key aspects of a final settlement of this issue . '. asserting that ` it will be put down in writing over the next few hours , maybe during the day , lavrov added .. and britain 's hammond said , ' i think we have a broad framework of understanding , but there are still some key issues that have to be worked through . '. ` some of them are quite detailed and technical so there is still quite a lot of work to do but we are on it now and we 'll keep going at it , ' he noted .. u.s. diplomats said it was ` not true , ' as lavrov suggested , that key issues had been worked out .. the white house 's spokesman did not directly deny that an agreement was already being drafted when he spoke to reporters later that day . '. i think i would only point out that there 's not a significant difference between those two verbs , ' he said after a reporter asked him if talks had moved on from the negotiation stage to the drafting stage .. ` it 's possible to do both , ' he said , playing coy .. ` it 's possible to negotiate as you draft or to draft as you negotiate . '. a source on the ground in switzerland following the talks told daily mail online that it ` would shock everybody here ' if iran conceded to the international community 's demands to significantly scale back its uranium enrichment program and ship out much of what it has already produced because ` there is no indication that the parties have moved . '. the source described the situation as a 's *** show ' at this point and said negotiators are poised to ` limp across ' the finish line .. ` the americans desperately needed something to come back to congress with , ' the source said , predicting that the obama administration will make a ` face-saving concession ' that will be announced late tonight or early tomorrow morning .. the white house told reporters on wednesday that whether a pact is made in the end or not , the president will address the public to explain the administration 's rationale .
boris johnson admitted last night he hopes to be considered to lead the conservative party after david cameron .. the london mayor , pressed on his leadership ambitions by sky news anchor kay burley , insisted the position would not become vacant for five years .. but in his most candid remarks to date , he finally conceded : ` it would be a wonderful thing to be thought to be in a position to be considered for such an honour . '. ambitious : boris johnson admitted last night he hopes to be considered to lead the conservative party after david cameron .. above , the london mayor , left , joined the prime minister at a london nursery yesterday. however he insisted he thinks it is ` highly unlikely ' .. mr johnson , running to become mp in uxbridge and south ruislip , has long been tipped as a future leader of the party , most recently by mr cameron .. he said last month he would serve a ` full second term ' until 2020 , but not a third and named as potential successors mr johnson , home secretary theresa may and chancellor george osborne .. yesterday , mr johnson said : ` it is at least five years away which is an aeon in british politics , by which time whatever my personal ambitions may be there will be thrusting young men and women who will be overtaking me and who knows , it will all be different . '. eye on the prize : mr johnson , running to become mp in uxbridge and south ruislip , has long been tipped as a future leader of the party , most recently by mr cameron .. above , the politicians at the nursery yesterday. potential successors : mr cameron named home secretary theresa may and chancellor george osborne. mr cameron has admitted that what he called his own ` calm smoothness ' could give people the wrong impression about how urgently he wants to win the general election .. he told the spectator he had ` no end ' of passion but was a conservative , a tribe of people who ` do n't always wear their beliefs on their sleeve ' .. asked why many people believe he must do more to demonstrate that he really wants to win , he said : ' i do n't know .. there is something about me -- i always manage to portray a calm smoothness or something . '
fifa has announced that football association chairman greg dyke has returned a # 16,000 watch he was given as a gift .. dyke was given one of a limited edition of parmigiani watches by the brazilian fa during a fifa congress meeting in sao paulo during the world cup - with 65 handed out in goodie bags totalling more than # 1million .. when the watches were recalled , dyke initially refused to hand his back having promised to donate it to the fa 's official charity partner , breast cancer care , so that it could be auctioned .. greg dyke ( right ) and the # 16,000 parmigiani watch that he was given as a gift at the world cup last summer. but , with the threat of sanctions if he did not return the watch , fifa 's ethics committee has confirmed receipt of the item and has now closed proceedings on the matter .. ` mr greg dyke has returned the cbf parmigiani watch .. as a consequence , the adjudicatory chamber of the fifa ethics committee has decided to close the proceedings in respect of a possible breach of the fifa code of ethics , ' the fifa statement , issued on tuesday afternoon , read .. dyke insisted he was unaware of the value of the gift when he first received it and , once made aware , said he would allow it to be auctioned for breast cancer care , the official charity partner of the fa - who are looking to raise # 500,000 for their cause before next summer .. after six months of legal wrangling dyke has now relented and the item has been returned , whilst it is understood all of the watches will now be auctioned for a brazilian charity and that dyke will make a personal donation to breast cancer care .. dyke watches england play costa rica at the world cup as england were eliminated in the group stage
church of england schools should stop selecting pupils on faith because it discriminates against the poor , a group of vicars has claimed .. they say the system is open to abuse and many oversubscribed schools reject non-churchgoing families even though they may live nearby .. many christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services , a practice which they say preserves their faith ethos .. many christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services , a practice which they say preserves their faith ethos - but a group of vicars say it can lead to discrimination against the poor. but the clergymen said affluent parents were more likely to cheat the system by going to church just to get their children into a c of e school , which are often high-performing .. in an open letter published yesterday , an alliance of left-leaning clergy and laypeople called for an end to religious selection .. they claimed the church was being ` turned to the advantage of those who are already advantaged ' , and said it presented a ` slow-burning crisis ' .. the comments , made in a letter to the guardian , sparked anger from the church of england , which labelled their arguments ` doctrinaire ' .. the letter 's 20 signatories included christina baron , lay member of the general synod , barry sheerman , huddersfield labour mp since 1979 , and theo hobson , a theologian and religious commentator .. the letter 's 20 signatories included christina baron , lay member of the general synod , barry sheerman ( left ) huddersfield labour mp since 1979 , and theo hobson , a theologian and religious commentator ( right ). simon barrow and jonathan bartley of the christian think-tank ekklesia also signed it , as did reverend richard kirker , founding member of the lesbian and gay christian movement .. also on the list were reverend una kroll , a women 's equality campaigner , former teachers ' union president john swallow and oxford professor keith ward .. referring to a 2013 survey by the sutton trust , they said 6 per cent of parents with a child at a state-funded school admitted to attending church services in order to get their child into a church school .. they said the level of false church attendance rose to 10 per cent among affluent parents in the socio-economic group a .. the letter said : ` on a superficial level this is in the church 's interest , as attendance figures in many parishes are inflated and the standard of our schools boosted by the admittance of children from more affluent families .. ` ultimately however the universality of the church is being turned to the advantage of those who are already advantaged .. we believe this issue presents a slow-burning crisis .. ` we urge the church to review and then amend its national guidance on pupil admissions , so that schools are guided towards having open admission arrangements .. ` church of england schools should look outwards , as an expression of the warmth and generosity of its mission to the whole community . '. yesterday , a church spokesman said : ` the arguments set out in the letter are so flawed and inaccurate they need to be placed in special measures .. ` the interpretation of the data cited is mistaken and the arguments doctrinaire . '. rev nigel genders , the church 's chief education officer , said the church 's secondary schools have an average of 10 per cent selection by religious criteria and some have more pupils on free school meals than the national average .. he continued : ` we run christian schools for everyone , providing an inclusive and effective education , we are not -- as the article seems to imply -- running schools for middle class christians . '. simon calvert , of the christian institute , added : ` there 's a push to try to secularise church schools and it 's a shame that a group of liberal anglicans are playing into that . '
watching the first male skier to ever clinch four straight world cup titles fly through snowcapped slopes is impressive enough .. but talented marcel hirscher added a little extra flare to his downhill slalom run by bringing the pistes alive with a colourful display .. the skier teamed up with the red bull media house and starelation to create the unusual stunt , using coloured powder packed into the poles he swerved around .. marcel hirscher performs during the project ` marcel hirscher colours ' at reiteralm near schladming. the coloured powder was flung across the slopes as the talented skier went passed. ` it was a surreal experience -- simply amazing ! '. said the four times world champion skier , marcel hirscher. ` we wanted to bring a new , cool element into skiing , ' hirscher said on the red bull website '. the process involved 11 cameras , a specially-enhanced slope , and three days to set up before creating the incredible video in one take with the 26-year-old austrian .. marcel hirscher slalomed in and out of poles filled to the brim with coloured , biodegradable powder , which erupted upon contact .. six gopros , and a range of other cameras , including a hand held one by the skier captured the dazzling rainbow effect , which surrounded him at every turn .. as the run required more ice than snow , a section of the reiteralm slopes in austria had to be watered , so that it could freeze over night in preparation .. the team had to get up at 4am to set up the cameras to capture the rainbow run in one take from a number of angles , before the ice melted .. the most difficult part of the incredible video as filming it from all angles , without getting another cameraman in the shot .. ` we wanted to bring a new , cool element into skiing , ' hirscher said on the red bull website , ` and create unforgettable images .. and i think we succeeded ! '. ` it was a surreal experience -- simply amazing !. i could n't ski with the speed i normally do in races , even though the course was very steep in the first part , up to 75 percent incline , ' he explains .. ` at each gate i was blinded for a split second because i had to ski through a cloud of yellow and blue . '. the team had to get up at 4am to set up the cameras to capture the rainbow run from a number of angles , before the ice melted during the day. the biodegradable powder was placed in slalom poles along the course , and multiple cameras were set up to capture the effect from different angles. after winning the overall world cup title four years in a row , alpine skier marcel hirscher took a day off and had some fun at his local resort with his race skiis and some crazy colors , resulting in one of the most vibrant ski runs to date. this year the skier became the first men 's skier ever to clinch a fourth straight world cup overall title. respect for the environment was a priority from the beginning of this project !. the team has assured that the plants and wildlife have neither been damaged nor disturbed at any time during the project. marcel 's explosive slalom run is a red bull media house production realised by starelation. this year hirscher became the first male alpine skier to win the overall world cup title four times in a row. respect for the environment was a priority from the beginning of this project !. the team has assured that the plants and wildlife have neither been damaged nor disturbed at any time during the project. the team picked vibrant colours which would contrast heavily with the crisp white snow. the team wanted to get as close as they could to the skier but without any cameramen appearing in any shots. the team knew they had one attempt to get the shot , as once the powder had been released it would ruin any other shots. born in annaberg-lungötz , salzburg , hirscher made his world cup debut in march 2007. marcel 's father ferdinand hirscher said on his website : ` marcel and i have been travelling to various races since his childhood .. i contribute with my experience from this .. i make sure that we -- together with the coaches and the service crew -- get to the maximum as a team . '. the talented skier has 30 pairs of ski boots and 100 pairs of atomic redster racing skies prepared for use before every season. the team took three days to prepare , shoot and edit the colourful video. marcel hirscher poses for a portrait during the project ` marcel hirscher colours , ' with the colourful slopes in the background
an italian ice cream man pursued his older rival in his van and then punched him through the driver 's window in a turf war over ` stealing ' customers from a new housing development .. the row broke out between andrea trunfio , 36 , and mario bretti , 64 , after the former allegedly tried to muscle in on mr bretti 's patch .. a court heard how the pair clashed as they drove their vans away from the site on a scorching day in july last year .. mr bretti said his competitor chased him along a busy road before cutting him off at a junction and blocking him with his van .. he then got out and threw a flurry of punches at the 64-year-old through the driver 's window .. pursued : mr bretti , 64 , was chased by his younger rival andrea trunfio over an argument over a disputed site. the incident took place around the new ridgeway farm housing development on july 22 last year , when temperatures reached 25 degrees during a spell of sunny weather .. describing what happened , mr bretti said : ' i have been doing this for 45 years , since i was just 18 years old .. on july 22 , i got beaten up by another ice cream man .. ` he decided to follow me on thamesdown drive in the middle of the road .. he was going fast through the traffic lights , and when they went red i had to stop .. he blocked me with his van so i could n't get away .. ` he came up to the van and punching me threatened to kill me , saying he had claimed the building site as his area . '. i was selling there because sparcells is my area .. he was very aggressive and started punching me several times and said he would come to my home .. in the end i drove away to get away from him . '. mr bretti said he felt very dizzy and frightened after the altercation and went straight to the police station , while trunfio did a u-turn and sped off .. dispute : mr bretti said he felt very dizzy and frightened after the altercation and went straight to the police. trunfio denied common assault and claimed mr bretti had threatened to kill his family and burn his van if he went back to the disputed site .. speaking through an intepreter , he claimed he had seen mr bretti at the site that day and his older rival had beckoned him to follow afterwards .. he said when they pulled up at the traffic lights , mr bretti grabbed his arm before rolling up the window to trap it .. he also told the court had sold ice creams in swindon for ten years and had been at the housing development for two or three months before the incident .. he also claimed there had been prior arrangements which meant mr bretti would no longer sell at the building site .. trunfio , from swindon , told the magistrates ' court in chippenham , wiltshire : ` in our community , usually each person has an area .. there is no law to say you ca n't go to certain places . '. i am not a violent person , but when you have an agreement and someone breaks it , it is like you are being taken for a ride . '. i am an easy person and do not argue with people .. if i had hit him it would have been like hitting my own father . '. disputed site : the two ice cream men argued about who had ownership of the new ridgeway farm housing development ( pictured above ) , in swindon. blocked : mr bretti was stopped on his way out of the housing development by trunfio , who then hit him. but witnesses to the incident said trunfio got out and attacked his older rival after driving madly after him .. sarah miller , who saw the confrontation from her car , said : ' i saw him ( trunfio ) getting out and coming to the one at the back .. ` he did n't look particularly angry until he tried to open the door of the second van .. ` he was jumping up and down and trying to go after the other ice cream man .. i could see his fists going in and out of the window .. ` he got back into his van and carried on shouting through his serving hatch . '. she added : ' i was quite shocked , and very disappointed .. i thought if my children had seen that they would have been scared to go to an ice cream van again . '. magistrates found trunfio guilty and he was given a 12-month community order with 80 hours of unpaid work and # 650 costs and ordered to pay # 75 compensation to mr bretti .
a father who was arrested for using medical cannabis on his critically ill two-year-old daughter has pleaded for the government to legalise the drug as her health continues to decline .. after hearing positive stories about the benefits of using the controversial treatment , the 32-year-old cairns man decided to give cannabis oil to his daughter who is battling a rare form of cancer called neuroblastoma .. despite his claims that it improved her condition , the father , who can not be named for legal reasons but has been nicknamed ` fearless father ' , was charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor and was refused access to his sick daughter .. now he has spoken out in the hope that he can persuade the government to rethink their cannabis laws and drop the charges against him .. the father has been charged for treating his 2-year-old daughter with medical cannabis oil. ` my daughter 's got a 50 per cent survival rate , it 's pretty confronting ' , he told channel 10 .. ` each day that ticks over is essentially children suffering as well as my daughter , ' he said while talking about legalising medical cannabis .. the little girl , who was diagnosed with the deadly disease shortly before christmas , has an 11cm cancerous growth which is putting pressure on her internal organs .. just last week the toddlers condition took a turn for the worse .. the young child has a high temperature , an infection and has fluid in her lungs .. ` she could n't really move , i would just show her videos from home .. i was crying the whole time because i do n't see her enough , ' the desperate father said .. ` that 's been the hardest thing not being there to support her and for her to see me and give her my love and care . '. he appeared in court in january , where he was granted the right to visit his daughter , having previously been refused access after he was charged .. when asked by ten news if he thought he was a criminal , the father said ` absolutely not ' and made it clear that all he wanted was for his daughter to get better .. the young girl 's mother , who is estranged from the father , does not agree with his actions and the method of treatment he chose to use on their daughter .. the father is reportedly estranged from the two-year-old 's mother and she has made it very clear that she does not support his actions .. she does n't believe there 's been an improvement in her daughter 's condition .. the adorable little girl was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer shortly before christmas. he has relocated to brisbane to be with his daughter during her treatment and is living out of a suitcase .. for several weeks now , the father has been unable to see his daughter as she was n't in the hospital .. on his team 's facebook page it was revealed that it took police nearly three months to approve a supervisor for times that the little girl is not in hospital .. ` the hospital have defaulted to previous orders from 2013 because they were given no choice in the absence of an agreement between [ the child 's ] parents , which means that [ the father ] gets to spend 10 hours a week with his child if she is in hospital , ' the facebook page called ` fearless father said . '. [ the father 's ] family , who love [ the child ] very much are also excluded from her life unless they are able to visit during [ the father 's ] visits . '. two-year-old has an 11cm cancerous growth which is putting pressure on her internal organs. in january the dad was desperate to find a solution to his daughter 's pain and administered the medical cannabis oil mixed with coconut , to increase her rate of survival .. ` my aim was to create an alkaline climate in her body , provide a nutrient dense diet , alkaline water , essential oil therapy and a healing environment of fun and positivity , ' he said .. ` her cancer ridden little body was alive again .. [ my daughter ] had almost instant quality of life , ' he said .. ` she would say " daddy , tummy 's not sore " .. she would be able to eat like a champion and began to gain weight , '. ` her energy was up and she wanted to go outside with me instead of lay on her back with legs curled up .. her skin colour came back , her eyes were sparkling again , ' the father has said .. the girl 's mother is at odds with the father over his treatment options for their daughter. however , according to him , his daughter is now struggling to breath on her own and is having seizures following her withdrawal from the cannabis oil .. ` she has spiralled downhill since she lost her daddy and oil treatment .. i pray that i will see her again one way , ' he said .. he appeared in the brisbane magistrates court in january charged with possession of a dangerous drug and administering a dangerous drug to a minor under the age of 16 .. as part of his bail he has now been allowed access to his daughter in hospital , however there needs to be a supervisor in the room with him .. a group of people holding placards turned out at the court in support of the father and to protest against his arrest .. after hearing positive stories about the benefits of cannabis oil , the father decided to give it to his daughter. the father , who worked as an it professional with the catholic education department , was left devastated when he was unable to log on to the work system after having his blue card revoked .. having sent numerous emails to the education department asking for permission to take 12 months carer leave with no response , he was shocked at their decision .. he received a letter in the post to say his blue card had been revoked , claiming the change in his police information meant his employer must not continue to employ him .. however the catholic education department has made it clear that they support him and this was merely a legality . '. [ the father ] is still employed by catholic education and is currently on paid leave , ' they said .. she was diagnosed with the deadly disease shortly before christmas 2014 and her parents have been told she has a fifty per cent chance of survival. they said he is free to speak to them regarding his employment and can access their employee assistance program .. since the excruciating decision was made to ban the father from seeing his dying daughter , he has set up a campaign to raise awareness of his situation .. the dad received good news as a result of the campaign , when he was granted permission to contact the hospital on a daily basis to be updated on his daughter 's condition .. the petition has attracted worldwide attention and over 200,000 supporters have now joined his campaign in an effort to legalise cannabis .. the two-year-old tot 's parents are in dispute over the administering of medical cannabis to cure her cancer. he argued that he ` deserves to have his parental rights to see his child reinstated , the charges against him dropped by a court and the right to decide the treatment options for his own child . '. ` there is ample evidence to show that medical cannabis has many beneficial effects for cancer patients without the harmful side effects and other associated risks of current drug treatments , ' he said .. a fund has been set up in the two-year-old 's name and is in the hands of his mother .. he said all money raised from the account will be used for his daughter 's ongoing journey and recovery .. the nsw government recently announced there will be a range of clinical trials administered to test the benefits of medical marijuana .. ` medical cannabis oil is an amazing healer and needs to be made available for anyone in need . '. ` my goal is the have these charges thrown out .. [ the girl ] needs her daddy by her side . '. the medical cannabis users association is holding a vigil this week out the front of the lady cilento children 's hospital in support of the father .. the dad argues that he ` deserves to have his parental rights to see his child reinstated , the charges against him dropped by a court and the right to decide the treatment options for his own child '. sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .
her style is followed by women across the globe and whatever she wears is sure to sell out within minutes .. yet the duchess of cambridge has been dismissed as an ` uneventful ' dresser by leading author margaret atwood .. and most controversially , the 75-year-old said kate has n't lived up to the fashion icon reputation of her husband 's late mother , princess diana .. the author said kate ( pictured right ) has n't lived up to the fashion icon reputation of princess diana ( left ). miss atwood said she thinks the duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes and is told what to wear by advisers .. but she added she is right not to follow in diana 's footsteps .. ` i think she dresses quite uneventfully , ' the author of the handmaid 's tale said .. ` i think she 's watching her back , i think she probably has people who pretty much tell her what is appropriate for her to wear .. the duchess of cambridge was dismissed as an ` uneventful ' dresser by leading author margaret atwood. ` i do n't think she 's become the fashion plate that diana was , and i think she 's probably doing that advisably , would n't you say ? '. miss atwood is just the latest high-profile female writer to apparently attack the duchess 's image and public persona .. author margaret atwood ( pictured ) said she thinks the duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes and is told what to wear by advisers. double booker prize winner and wolf hall author hilary mantel has described kate as a ` shop window mannequin ' and a ` machine-made ' princess who has been ` designed by committee ' .. meanwhile sandi toksvig has said the duchess does n't have a ` single opinion ' of her own , and joan smith caused outrage by labelling kate ` unambitious and bland ' .. speaking at a talk at the victoria and albert museum in london , miss atwood , who has also won the booker for the blind assassin , admitted she judges women on the clothing they wear .. the novelist , who has been described as a feminist writer , said : ` let 's pretend you 're meeting a person for the first time , as you do when you meet a character in a book .. ` what do i see ?. your dress , i see your face of course , i focus on that .. i see your earrings , i see your necklace , and those are all part of you .. they are all part of the total image of who i 've just met . '. miss atwood 's latest book stone mattress prompted her to be labelled ` offensive ' and a ` man hater ' by critics last year .. last month a # 35 black polka dot dress from online retailer asos sold out within half an hour of kate wearing it to an event .. and in 2013 the # 46 seraphine dress she wore for her first official family portrait with william and prince george sold out two hours after the photo was published .. miss atwood said the duchess of cambridge is correct not to follow in diana 's footsteps
a kentucky woman was forced to give birth on interstate 65 on thursday while stuck in traffic waiting for the presidential motorcade to pass .. fortunately there was a nurse also stuck in the gridlock , sitting in her car nearby , who was able to run over and help deliver the little boy , arley , safely .. it was bumper-to-bumper all up the i-65 in louisville for president obama 's visit to the city to tour a technology plant and give a speech about the economy , worsened because obama had been caught up in washington d.c.. jessica brown was on her way to hospital with her husband , zakk satterley , when the couple realized , in standstill traffic , they were n't going to make it .. dramatic arrival into the world : baby arley was born on the i-65 in louisville , kentucky , on tuesday , after his parents became stuck in traffic en route to hospital due to the presidential motorcade. motorcade : obama gets a green-light corridor when his motorcade travels , and the motorcade is usually comprised of about 20 cars .. he was visiting louisville to tour a technology plant. emergency : tonia vetter ( right ) , a high-risk nurse and mother of five , was sitting in the traffic a few cars back when she realized something was happening up ahead ( left ) and went to check it out. safe and sound : baby arley and his mom , jessica brown , are now both in hospital after the dramatic delivery. tonia vetter , a high-risk nursery nurse , was sitting in her car listening to music , when she realized something was happening up ahead .. ` you could tell something was wrong , ' she told wdrb news . '. i was n't quite sure what is was . '. vetter , a mother of five , approached the car jessica brown was in , and her husband said she was in labor .. they had called an ambulance , but it could n't get through .. vetter introduced herself as a nurse and attended to brown .. ` it actually happened very , very quickly , ' she said . '. i think she pushed one time and the head delivered , and then she pushed again and the baby was born . '. lucky : fortunately for little arley , there was a nurse nearby to help bring him into the world. happy parents : jessica brown was on her way to hospital with her husband , zakk satterley , when the couple realized , in standstill traffic waiting for obama to pass , they were n't going to make it. baby arlie arrived weighing 8 pounds , 9 ounces .. other drivers at the scene also helped , with one handing over a shoestring to cut the umbilical , and the other a blanket to keep the baby warm .. ` i 've attended a lot of deliveries , but i 've never delivered a baby on my own , and i 've certainly never delivered one in the middle of an interstate , ' vetter told wdrb .. ` god was definitely watching over me , the baby , the mom , because she could have hemorrhaged . '. the facebook post also says the baby 's name is arley keith satterly , son of jessica brown and zakk satterley .. both mother and the baby boy are doing well. resting up : an ambulance finally got through the traffic and was able to take arley and his mom to hospital. vetter continued : ` the baby could of had a cord or a shoulder or any number of complications could of happened . '. the new parents happily shared photos of their facebook so all those who witnessed the dramatic birth could stay abreast of what was happening .. the little boy 's full name is arley keith satterly .. both mom and baby are doing well .
( cnn ) the palestinian authority officially became the 123rd member of the international criminal court on wednesday , a step that gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in palestinian territories .. the formal accession was marked with a ceremony at the hague , in the netherlands , where the court is based .. the palestinians signed the icc 's founding rome statute in january , when they also accepted its jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed " in the occupied palestinian territory , including east jerusalem , since june 13 , 2014 . ". later that month , the icc opened a preliminary examination into the situation in palestinian territories , paving the way for possible war crimes investigations against israelis .. as members of the court , palestinians may be subject to counter-charges as well .. israel and the united states , neither of which is an icc member , opposed the palestinians ' efforts to join the body .. but palestinian foreign minister riad al-malki , speaking at wednesday 's ceremony , said it was a move toward greater justice .. " as palestine formally becomes a state party to the rome statute today , the world is also a step closer to ending a long era of impunity and injustice , " he said , according to an icc news release .. " indeed , today brings us closer to our shared goals of justice and peace . ". judge kuniko ozaki , a vice president of the icc , said acceding to the treaty was just the first step for the palestinians .. " as the rome statute today enters into force for the state of palestine , palestine acquires all the rights as well as responsibilities that come with being a state party to the statute .. these are substantive commitments , which can not be taken lightly , " she said .. rights group human rights watch welcomed the development .. " governments seeking to penalize palestine for joining the icc should immediately end their pressure , and countries that support universal acceptance of the court 's treaty should speak out to welcome its membership , " said balkees jarrah , international justice counsel for the group .. " what 's objectionable is the attempts to undermine international justice , not palestine 's decision to join a treaty to which over 100 countries around the world are members . ". in january , when the preliminary icc examination was opened , israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu described it as an outrage , saying the court was overstepping its boundaries .. the united states also said it " strongly " disagreed with the court 's decision .. " as we have said repeatedly , we do not believe that palestine is a state and therefore we do not believe that it is eligible to join the icc , " the state department said in a statement .. it urged the warring sides to resolve their differences through direct negotiations .. " we will continue to oppose actions against israel at the icc as counterproductive to the cause of peace , " it said .. but the icc begs to differ with the definition of a state for its purposes and refers to the territories as " palestine . ". while a preliminary examination is not a formal investigation , it allows the court to review evidence and determine whether to investigate suspects on both sides .. prosecutor fatou bensouda said her office would " conduct its analysis in full independence and impartiality . ". the war between israel and hamas militants in gaza last summer left more than 2,000 people dead .. the inquiry will include alleged war crimes committed since june .. the international criminal court was set up in 2002 to prosecute genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes .. cnn 's vasco cotovio , kareem khadder and faith karimi contributed to this report .
smartly dressed in a bowler hat and waistcoat , these civilians may look like respectable members of society in edwardian england .. in fact , they were the drunkards banned from every boozer in birmingham for a string of crimes including drink-driving a steam engine , riding a horse while drunk and being intoxicated to the point of ` complete incompetence ' .. they were all placed on the 1904 blacklist after four convictions under the inebriates act of 1898 .. the list was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol .. boozy : kitted out in a bowler hat and waistcoat , he may appear to be a right-thinking member of edwardian england , but matthew moran was banned from every pub in birmingham at the turn of the century. black listed : alice tatlow was also banned from every birmingham boozer for being ` drunk and disorderly ' ; publicans were told they could recognise her by a tattoo of the prince of wales 's feathers. barred : 46-year-old mary bayliss was one of the many respectable-looking women barred from drinking in birmingham after being found drunk and disorderly. on the blacklist , each drunkard 's entry includes photographs , their name , alias , residence , employment , physical description , distinguishing marks , nature of conviction and the sentence received for booze-related crimes .. offenders who were caught drunk and disorderly were ordered to work up to 21 days of ` hard labour ' in comparison to today 's fixed penalty or fine .. they form part of the uk midlands collection , which covers a 400 year period and contains more than 21 million records detailing the good , the bad and the famous who have shaped the history of the city .. unearthed by ancestry , the world 's largest online family history resource , the records are available for all to see .. ladette : elizabeth thompson was a 29-year-old prostitute when she was arrested for drunkenness and sentenced to two weeks ' hard labour. rowdy : charwoman susannah booton was arrested for drunken behaviour in february 1906. criminal : each notice bore a mugshot of the criminal , as well as a description of their nose and face ; annie hodgkins was said to have a ` fresh complexion ' despite being sentenced to three weeks ' hard labour. poster : unemployed kate kibble , another woman convicted of being drunk and disorderly , was described as having a ` broad ' build , as well as losing her right eye and having ` both little fingers crooked '. some of the bizarre offences committed by past birmingham residents include theft of a dead duck and riding a horse while drunk .. nearly 10,000 edwardian felons are listed in the uk midlands criminal registers providing fascinating insight into the murky underworld of birmingham 's metropolis more than a century ago .. among those on the blacklist are henry bonus , 40 , who was sentenced to a year 's hard labour and three months ' police supervision after stealing eight pounds of ham .. elsewhere , 18-year-old william handley was sentenced to eight months ' hard labour and one-year 's police supervision for stealing a ` dead duck ' and a teapot .. careers : sarah henson combined her job as a dressmaker with an extra source of income as a prostitute , before being banned from pubs for being drunk and disorderly. haggard : just 38 , eliza fallon looked a lot older than her years when she was arrested for drunkenness. distinctive : sarah evans , left , and ellen heaton , right , could be recognised by their scars , according to the birmingham archives. records reveal how offenders came from a variety of backgrounds , such as metal cutters , grease merchants , labourers and hawkers .. many had aliases - suggesting criminal careers - while others had scars or physical handicaps , ranging from kate kibble 's one eye to cut marks on faces , broken noses and missing fingers .. some , however , lived perfectly respectable lives - until they walked through the door of their local watering hole .. it shows how those living in edwardian england were just as likely to get half-cut and troublesome on a night out as boozy brits in today 's binge drinking culture .
( cnn ) the mother of a quadriplegic man who police say was left in the woods for days can not be extradited to face charges in philadelphia until she completes an unspecified " treatment , " maryland police said monday .. the montgomery county ( maryland ) department of police took nyia parler , 41 , into custody sunday after philadelphia police reported that she left her 21-year-old son in the woods while she hopped a bus to see her boyfriend in maryland .. a man walking through the woods found him friday " lying in leaves , covered in a blanket with a bible and a wheelchair nearby , " philadelphia police say .. citing federal health care privacy laws , montgomery county police spokesman capt. paul starks said he could not divulge why parler was receiving treatment , but he said she had to complete it before she could be extradited .. she remained in treatment as of tuesday morning , starks told cnn .. if she chooses not to challenge her extradition , she will be transported to philadelphia once the treatment is complete , he said .. for more than four days , police say , the quadriplegic man , who also suffers from cerebral palsy , was left lying in the woods of philadelphia 's cobbs creek park .. low temperatures reached the mid-30s during the week , and rain was reported in the area wednesday and thursday .. the man is unable to communicate how he came to be in the park , but philadelphia police lt. john walker told reporters that the man 's mother left him there the morning of april 6 .. starks identified the mother as parler on monday .. " the mother went to visit her boyfriend down in maryland , over in montgomery county , and we believe she placed the child into cobbs creeks park , " walker said at a news conference .. walker told cnn the man was transported to presbyterian hospital , but cnn affiliates reported he was being treated at the children 's hospital of philadelphia .. he suffered eye problems , dehydration , malnutrition and a cut to his back that raised infection concerns , the lieutenant told reporters .. " this kid 's obviously a fighter , " walker said during a saturday news conference .. " it 's just unbelievable how we found him out there last night .. to see that kid laying there , it 's heartbreaking to see another human , especially a mother , can treat someone like that . ". officials at philadelphia 's school of the future , which the man attends , became concerned when he did n't show up for classes last week and tried to contact his mother but eventually reached an aunt , philadelphia police said .. " the aunt was in contact via text message with nyia throughout the week and when she expressed her concerns about the complainant , nyia replied , ` we 're ok , ' which the aunt believed meant that the victim was with nyia in maryland , " according to a police news release .. when police tracked down the mother , she told them her son was with her , walker said .. " she indicated to both family members and the police officers that the child was with her down with her boyfriend in maryland , " he said .. the boyfriend was not aware of what happened , walker told cnn affiliate kyw-tv .. when she arrives in philadelphia , the mother will stand charged with aggravated assault , simple assault , recklessly endangering another person and related offenses , a philadelphia police spokeswoman said .. walker told reporters she bore " clear criminal liability in this case . ". there was no reason for the man to suffer , walker told philly.com , because the mother had sisters willing to take care of him .. two of his aunts , who have tried to obtain guardianship of him , were staying with him at the hospital , police told the website .. parler 's sister told police that parler has another child , a 16-year-old .. the mother 's arrest was only the beginning of the investigation , walker told reporters .. authorities are interested in learning more about " how this kid was cared for , and what actions were taken and providing of services by different agencies . ". cnn 's chuck johnston and carma hassan contributed to this report .
they say there 's no such thing as a free lunch , but that will not be the case on virgin australia domestic flights as it will now serve complimentary food on all its flights .. on wednesday virgin australia launched complimentary food on all flights across the australian domestic network .. the latest introduction of free food will be part of a package that will also include free checked baggage on all domestic flights , which will complement the free in-flight entertainment on offer already .. virgin australia domestic flights it will now serve complimentary food on all its flights. virgin australia hailed the move as further proof as another step in its transformation into a premium , contemporary , full service airline .. virgin australia chief customer officer , mark hassell confirmed this saying virgin australia was committed to maintaining an excellent service and to continue to put customers first .. ` we 're delighted to announce that the virgin australia product offering now includes complimentary food and drink , checked baggage on all flights as well as entertainment across our domestic network , ' mark hassell said .. the virgin australia package will also include free checked baggage on all domestic flights. ` the roll out of free food and checked baggage , to complement our wireless in-flight entertainment , is an important part of our ability to deliver a consistent , premium service across our network , ' mr hassell said .. the food and beverage service has been tailored to the time of day and the duration of the journey - virgin australia hopes this approach will underpin all of the initiatives that have shaped the airline in to what it is today .. these selections of foods will now be available for free on all virgin australia flights. ` today 's announcement , coupled with our exceptional service and leadership in on-time performance , puts us in a strong position to continue to grow our loyal customer base , ' mr hassell said .. virgin australia continues to offer complimentary tea , coffee , juice and water on all flights , complimentary wine , beer and soft drink served in ` happy hour ' between 5 and 7pm monday to friday as well as alternative food and beverage options through the popular on-board retail menu .. virgin 's food and beverage service has been tailored to the time of day and the duration of the journey
under pressure : tony cocker , the chief executive of e.on , which has been forced to pay # 7.75 million to citizens advice after the regulator found the energy giant had overcharged customers after price rises. power giant e.on has been ordered to pay a # 7.75 million penalty after it ripped off customers who were switching to rivals .. the money will go to citizens advice to fund the organisation 's work helping those trying to cut their energy bills .. e.on effectively overcharged thousands who decided to move to other suppliers after it announced price rises in january 2013 and again in early 2014 .. industry rules state that energy companies must give customers 30 days ' notice of any price rise .. once a customer states they intend to move , the firm is not allowed to impose an exit fee or apply the new higher tariff even if the move takes place after the date of the increase .. however , industry regulator ofgem found that e.on broke the rules by hitting tens of thousands of departing customers with a higher tariff in the days before their account was switched .. the firm admitted the mistake as far as customers who paid by direct debit or cheque were concerned .. however , it failed to notify ofgem that it also affected people with meters until late in the investigation .. it has refunded # 8 to # 12 to 40,000 customers who paid by cash or cheque and is now trying to find another 7,000 meter customers to pay them an average of # 3.42 .. while the sums involved are relatively low , ofgem imposed a high penalty because e.on did the same thing in january 2012 .. at that time , it was ordered to refund # 1.4 million to customers and pay # 300,000 in lieu of a penalty to age uk .. the firm claimed it had implemented new procedures to stop it happening again , but was guilty of the same mistake in both 2013 and 2014 .. ` absolutely unacceptable ' : regulator ofgem said the penalty reflected e.on 's ` repeated failings ' on billing rules after the company incorrectly imposed exit fees and overcharged customers. ofgem 's enforcement chief , sarah harrison , said : ` our rules give customers a chance to avoid exit fees and higher costs when suppliers put up prices .. these are important customer protections and it is vital suppliers play by the rules .. the energy regulator has imposed fines on energy companies totalling # 168 million since 2010 .. britain 's big six energy suppliers are responsible for # 99million of the payments , with british gas the worst offender among them with their figure totalling # 34.6 million .. e.on has been fined # 24.8 million in total .. the payments are as follows :. november 2012 : e.on agrees to pay out # 1.7 million to customers and charities after customers were incorrectly charged exit fees or overcharged following price rises .. july 2013 : the company agrees a # 3million package of fines and money for customers after it misreported the number of energy-saving light bulbs it had distributed under an energy efficiency scheme .. may 2014 : e.on agrees to pay # 12million to vulnerable customers for mis-selling .. april 2015 : the company agrees to pay # 7.75 million to citizens advice to help vulnerable customers in addition to # 400,000 already paid to those affected , after it was found to have overcharged in the wake of price rises .. ` it is important that e.on has repaid potentially affected customers and co-operated with the investigation .. however it 's absolutely unacceptable that it failed to provide these vital customer protections yet again and this persistent failure is the reason for the high penalty . '. citizens advice chief executive gillian guy said the ruling should send a warning to other firms .. ` consumer rights can not be ignored , ' she said .. ` customers should n't be trapped in higher bills .. with prices up a third since 2010 people must have the freedom to shop around for a better deal .. ` consumers must be confident that the regulator will take strong action when companies fail so this judgment is welcome news .. ` it is positive that the ofgem penalty will go towards helping people who are struggling to heat and light their homes . '. e.on apologised and has agreed to fund an independent external audit into what went wrong .. a spokesman said : ` we have been open and transparent about this failure to ofgem and have agreed to make a payment to citizens advice which will be used to support its energy best deal extra engagement programme , which provides face to face energy advice .. ` e.on is committed to ensuring that no one will lose out financially and is pleased that the payment is going to a worthwhile cause that will provide support to those in need . '
chelsea 's on loan midfielder oriol romeu goes up against sportsmail 's martin keown as the pair predict the scores for the weekend 's premier league and fa cup matches .. the standout fixture in the league on saturday sees leaders chelsea welcome manchester united to stamford bridge , while aston villa and liverpool clash at wembley in the fa cup semi-final .. find out how romeu and keown get on , plus make your own predictions .. chelsea midfielder oriol romeu , currently on loan at stuttgart , predicts the scores for the weekend 's matches. romeu is currently on a season-long loan at bundesliga side stuttgart
a british marathon runner has become the first blind athlete to complete the ` toughest footrace on earth ' , which saw him run almost 160 miles across the sahara desert .. dave heeley , 57 , from west bromwich , ran the gruelling challenge over six days as he battled through sand dunes , dried river beds and rocks .. the super-fit father-of-three , known affectionately by his friends as ` blind dave ' , took part in the marathon des sables where competitors carry provisions on their backs and temperatures can rise to 50 degrees .. dig in : dave heeley , pictured with his guide , is the first blind man to finish the marathon des sables. endurance : in the marathon , brave competitors run 156 miles in six days across the sahara desert. thumbs up : father-of-three mr heeley has raised funds for the albion foundation , a charity that works in partnership with his beloved west brom to use sport as a way to help the local community. mr heeley - who became the first blind man to run seven marathons on seven continents in 2008 - set off on april 5 and hopes to raise more than # 30,000 for charity .. he was joined by two guides and friends rosemary rhodes and tony ellis .. the 57-year-old crossed the finish line on friday after running 156 miles and camping in the desert .. tough : in the marathon des sables , athletes have to carry their provisions on their back and sleep in tents. rocky : mr heeley struggled with the terrain as he had n't done any mountain climbing , but still finished the race. completed : mr heeley finished the ` toughest foot race on earth ' on friday after running almost 160 miles. the marathon des sables translates into english as marathon of the sands .. it was started in 1986 by patrick bauer - a french concert promoter .. the course is about 156 miles , the equivalent of six regular marathons .. it is a six day race and there is only one rest day .. competitors must carry all their provisions for the whole race on their back .. temperatures in the desert can reach 50 degrees during the day and more than 40 per cent humidity , while dropping to below freezing at night time. other famous britons to compete include rower james cracknell .. his wife , debbie , 48 , said : ` the terrain was something that he did not know how to manage .. ` the team had n't done any mountain climbing in their training .. ` it took them a bit longer than he expected as a result .. they were eight or nine hour days running in that heat .. ` it was sweltering and he also had to go through sandstorms .. the conditions were difficult . '. she added : ` they had to do 56.5 miles straight and run through the night at one stage .. ` they had to go up a big hill at that part and going down can be just as bad , especially if you ca n't see . '. it is certainly a tough challenge .. ` he has done a number of difficult challenges in the past but this tops it .. i am very pleased for him . '. mr heeley has been raising money for the albion foundation , a charity that works in partnership with his beloved west bromwich albion fc to use sport as a way to benefit the community .. so far , he has raised # 20,000 but hopes to reach a further # 10,000 .. resting up : mr heeley ran through the sahara desert and then had to sleep in his tent and make his own food. in 2008 , the father-of-three completed the seven magnificent marathons challenge which saw him finish seven marathons in a week on seven continents .. his route took him from port stanley , falkland islands ( antarctica ) , to santiago , chile ( south america ) , los angeles , usa ( north america ) , sydney , australia ( australasia ) , dubai , united arab emirates ( asia ) , nairobi , kenya ( africa ) , before finishing with the london marathon .. in another record breaking achievement , explorer sir ranulph fiennes became the oldest briton to finish the marathon des sables when he completed this year 's course at the age of 71 .
roman abramovich has bought tel aviv 's varsano hotel for 100million israeli shekels ( # 17.1 m ) .. the chelsea owner , who frequently visits tel aviv on business , is expected to convert the 19th century building into his israeli home .. covering 1,500 square metres , the hotel complex is listed as a preserved building .. it consists of a main building with a large lobby , dining room and two studio suites , and six more bedrooms in three separate villas surrounded by gardens .. roman abramovich has bought tel aviv 's varsano hotel for # 17.1 million as he splashes out on the property. the chelsea owner frequently visits tel aviv on business and has splashed out on the luxury # 17.1 m property. the hotel complex , which abramovich bought , is listed as a preserved building covering 1,500 square meters. chelsea owner abramovich is buying the varsano hotel from local businessmen guy and yaron varsano. abramovich finally got his wish after trying to buy a home in the neve tzedek quarter of tel aviv since 2008. the purchase includes an adjacent car park , which is already zoned for and has approval for additional building , and will enable abramovich to expand the premises .. abramovich is buying the varsano hotel from local businessmen guy and yaron varsano - the latter is married to israeli and hollywood actress gal gadot ( superwoman ) .. abramovich has been trying to buy a home in the fashionable neve tzedek quarter of tel aviv since 2008 when he had a $ 30m ( # 20.5 m ) bid for chelouche house , formerly the neighbourhood school , turned down .. neve tzedek was built in the late 19th century north of jaffa , and links the ancient port to tel aviv 's financial district , which was built in 1906 .. chelsea 's billionaire owner abramovich ( right ) pictured with his partner dasha zhukova previously. russian billionaire and owner of chelsea abramovich pictured with his girlfriend zhukova in may 2013. abramovich owns five luxury homes and a mega-yacht as he continues to grow his impressive empire. until the 1980s the area was full of slum properties but in recent decades gentrification , together with the israeli high-tech start-up boom , have seen neve tzedek become one of israel 's most expensive quarters .. businessman eyal kamir and real estate agent oren katz are understood to have brokered the deal , and tel aviv law firm yigal arnon & co acted on behalf of abramovich .. journalists who phoned the varsano hotel were told that it is not taking any more bookings .. abramovich and his wife dasha zhukova , who are both jewish , are frequent visitors to israel .. only last year , abramovich made headlines by booking all 111 rooms in an israeli hotel in the negev desert to entertain his guests during the passover holiday , and over the past year he has invested in four israeli companies .. now abramovich can host guests in his own hotel .. what does the man who has everything get himself ?. roman abramovich is worth more than $ 9billion ( # 6.1 bn ) but the russian tycoon is seemingly trying his best to get rid of it .... abramovich lives the luxury lifestyle , with a football club , mega-yachts and five mansions among his prized assets .. here , sportsmail run through some of the billionaire 's best toys .. abramovich paid # 140m for chelsea 12 years ago , and since then they have won 12 major honours including three barclays premier league titles and the champions league in 2012 .. during his time at stamford bridge , abramovich has spent north of # 840m on player transfers .. his contribution has not gone unnoticed , and manager jose mourinho even thinks he has helped the sport : ` he has been good for chelsea , good for english football , good for european football . '. chelsea 's 1-0 win against queens park rangers last week was abramovich 's 700th game .. chelsea owner abramovich is a regular at stamford bridge to see his team play in the premier league. abramovich is worth more than $ 9billion ( # 6.1 bn ) and has splashed out on a new luxury israeli home. a # 1.5 billion mega-yacht ... twice the length of a football pitch !. bigger is most definitely always better - when it comes to mega-yachts , that is .. abramovich 's 557ft luxury yacht features a mini-submarine , two swimming pools , 30 cabins , two helicopter pads , a missile defence system , a cinema - and it is the second-largest in the world .. the boat named eclipse was recently docked in germany to undergo renovations in february .. pictured at hamburg 's blohm voss shipbuilders where it was originally built in 2010 and 2011 , the ship was placed into a dry dock for work , though it 's difficult to imagine what it is lacking !. abramovich 's boat named eclipse was recently docked in germany to undergo renovations in february. abramovich 's 557ft luxury yacht features a mini-submarine , two swimming pools , 30 cabins and a cinema. abramovich 's yacht was at hamburg 's blohm voss shipbuilders where it was once built in 2010 and 2011. not one , not two , but five luxury homes !. one each in kensington , st. barts , colorado , moscow or israel , so he is always just a private jet ride away from a luxury weekend somewhere new .. and not only that , each home is as luxurious as the last .. take his home in kensington palace garden in west london , for example .. this property was bought in 2011 , and is understood to be worth more than # 90m .. he turned his attention to adding to it immediately after , requesting permission to transform the property and extend its garden .. it was reported he wanted to create two new underground storeys - which would have been used so he and partner dasha zhukova could store part of their fabulous art collection there .. it has been labelled as among the most expensive residences on britain 's most expensive street , and is everything an eccentric billionaire needs .. chelsea owner abramovich owns five mansions in kensington , st. barts , colorado , moscow or israel
margaret gretton has been banned from classrooms for labelling an asian job applicant ` taliban ' and calling special needs pupils ` roadkill '. a primary school headteacher has been banned from classrooms for labelling an asian job applicant ` taliban ' after referring to special needs pupils as ` roadkill ' .. margaret gretton , 46 , has been barred indefinitely from the profession after she referred to the applicant as a member of the terror group and talked of ` bombs and blowing up the school ' in an asian accent .. a disciplinary panel of the national college for teaching and leadership in coventry ruled ms gretton ` exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race , as well as disability ' .. the panel said she showed no remorse for ` deliberate ' and ` repeated ' actions while head of burton joyce primary school in nottingham .. they heard that she had mocked special needs students by referring to them as ` cuckoo ' and said she did n't want to encourage children ` like that ' to come to the school .. she even displayed a golly magnet in her office and made ` monkey noises ' on one occasion when talking about black people .. her shocking behaviour continued over a ` sustained period of time ' while she was headteacher of the school from september 2007 until november 2013 .. the panel concluded ms gretton ` displayed racist attitudes and behaviour in that - on one or more occasions you inappropriately commented in relation to a photograph of a male asian job applicant . '. it said her comments included ` would you hire me ... i 'm in the taliban ' , or words to that effect , referring to the man as ` mohammed ' , or words to that effect , and referring to ` bombs and blowing up the school ' , or words to that effect , in an asian accent .. a teacher at the school , named only as staff member e , told the panel that ms gretton said to her , unprompted : ` do you like black men ? '. the teacher said she was ` taken aback ' by the question , but added that it did not bother her , and her mother 's partner was black and from jamaica .. she told the panel that ms gretton then ` burst out laughing and said words to the effect of ` does he have big lips ?. ... does he look like a monkey ? '. and then went on to make monkey noises . '. the headteacher denied making the comments , but the panel said it was ` satisfied on the balance of probabilities that the comments , or words similar to them , were made by ms gretton . '. the panel also found that she ` expressed inappropriate and discriminatory attitudes towards sen [ special educational needs ] pupils in the presence of school staff . '. the panel said ` exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race , as well as disability ' while head of burton joyce primary school in nottingham ( pictured ). they said she had used the word ` cuckoo ' or words to that affect and said ` we do n't want to encourage children like that to come here . '. she was also found to have ` deliberately tried to upset ' a special needs pupil , ` frightened him ' , and ` tried to make him cry . '. witness g gave evidence to the panel that on one occasion in 2010 a pupil would not come out from underneath a table and was disrupting the lesson so , as a teaching assistant , she asked ms gretton for assistance .. she told the panel that ` ms gretton said ` it 's like something from one flew over the cuckoo 's nest ' and said ` cuckoo , cuckoo ' whilst twirling her finger at the side of her head . '. a special education needs co-ordinator , who also gave evidence to the panel , said that during a discussion in 2010 about creating a disabled parking space at the school car park she mentioned that ms gretton 's parking space was the obvious place to put it .. however she said that ms gretton said : ` we do n't want to encourage people like that here . '. ms gretton was also found to have bullied members of staff which the panel described as ` wholly unacceptable . '. it concluded : ` the panel considered that ms gretton was not acting under duress , she lacked any insight into her behaviour and demonstrated no remorse .. her shocking behaviour continued over a ` sustained period of time ' while she was headteacher of the school ( pictured ) from september 2007 until november 2013. ` her actions towards staff and pupils were deliberate , repeated and over a sustained period of time .. ms gretton seriously abused her position of power and trust within the school . '. after the panel made its recommendations paul heathcote , acting on behalf of the secretary of state , decided to prohibit ms gretton from teaching indefinitely .. he said : ` this is a case where the teacher has exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race , as well as disability . '. he added : ` there has been no effort made by ms gretton to remedy the attitudinal deficiencies which have led her to behave in the way in which she did . '. describing his decision to prohibit the woman from teaching he said : ' this means that ms margaret leandra gretton is prohibited from teaching indefinitely and can not teach in any school , sixth form college , relevant youth accommodation or children 's home in england .. ` furthermore , in view of the seriousness of the allegations found proved against her , i have decided that ms margaret leandra gretton shall not be entitled to apply for restoration of her eligibility to teach . '. ms gretton has right of appeal to the queen 's bench division of the high court , until 28 days after she was given notice of the order .
richard henyekane , a former south africa striker , was killed in a car crash early tuesday , his club and the country 's premier soccer league have confirmed .. henyekane 's club , free state stars , said the 31-year-old player was traveling with four other people in the vehicle but was the only person to die in the crash .. henyekane made nine appearances for south africa in 2009 .. he was on loan at free state stars from pretoria-based mamelodi sundowns .. henyekane went on as a substitute in stars ' 1-0 loss to amazulu in the east coast city of durban in the psl on saturday .. richard henyekane died tragically in a car accident on tuesday morning while he driving in bethlehem. south african media reported the crash happened in bethlehem , the town in central south africa where free state stars are based .. other south african clubs , south african football association president danny jordaan , and the minister of sport sent messages of condolence for henyekane .. henyekane 's younger brother , joseph , who was also a footballer , died in december .. south africa has a poor road safety record .. runner and former 800-meter world champion mbulaeni mulaudzi died in a road accident late last year .. the forward made nine appearances for south africa in 2009 and played for free state stars this season
a three-year-old boy has been accused of killing his mother by pushing her down a lift shaft in china by one of their neighbours .. xie hong feng was found dead after falling five floors down an empty elevator shaft in her apartment block in ningbo city in china .. her neighbour and property manager yang shao told police the 45-year-old had been pushed by her toddler son , the people 's daily online reported .. xie hong feng , pictured , died after falling down five floors through a lift shaft .. her three-year-old son has been accused of pushing her by the property 's manager - but there is no cctv evidence of the accident. cctv image inside the lift shows ms xie with her three-year-old son .. she dropped her keys in the gap between the elevator and the fourth floor , and went to the property manager for help retrieving them. the drama started when ms xie , in her mid-forties , went to yang with her child for help after she dropped her key down the gap between the lift and the fourth floor , where she lived .. all three got the lift to the fifth floor , and yang , 52 , pressed the button for the sixth floor .. according to police statements , yang said she used the triangular lock necessary to open the lift doors and told ms xie to be careful as she looked for her keys because it was very dark .. when ms xie did not reply , yang asked her son ` where is your mother ? '. he answered ` pushed down ! '. , and yang called the police .. there is no cctv outside the elevator , and police say yang 's statement is the only evidence .. ms xie 's husband was on a business trip when the tragic accident occurred , and one of ms xie 's male relatives said they are not convinced that the child pushed his mother into the shaft .. property manager yang said ms xie 's three-year-old son pushed her down lift shaft to her death .. investigators have brought into question why she had the authority to open the lift doors and whether she acted properly. a lift maintenance engineer claimed that property manager yang acted illegally by opening the lift doors manually .. the relatives of victim ms xie said they are not convinced her son pushed and killed his mother. yang told reporters outside her home : ` she [ ms xie ] told me that she dropped her keys in the gap .. i said i will help her get it .. ` the lift doors open when we were on the fifth floor and then the child pushed his mother down to the shaft . '. the administration of work safety of ningbo city was called in to help police investigate the cause of the accident , and they have already ruled out a malfunction of the lift .. officers are questioning why , if ms xie dropped her keys on the fourth floor , the group travelled to the fifth floor .. questions have also been raised over whether property staff have the authority to open the lift doors , and officers are looking at whether yang was properly qualified to handle the lifts .. chen zhewei , the ningbo city yinzhou property manager , told reporters from the people 's daily online that because of a lack of lift maintenance companies 10 years ago , some residential areas decided to train their staff on the use of elevators so they could deal with emergency situations .. nowadays the majority of lift maintenance and safety is outsourced to specialist companies .. the fact that yang opened the lift doors with a triangular lock is illegal , a lift maintenance engineer added , and there are very strict procedures that should be adhered to when manually opening a lift doors .. these include turning off the electricity supply to the lift and keeping the triangular lock in a secure place .
celta vigo forward fabian orellana has been handed a one-match ban by the spanish football federation following his straight-red card for throwing grass at barcelona midfielder sergio busquets , the club has confirmed on their official website .. the bizarre incident which happened during barca 's 1-0 victory over celta on sunday saw orellana grow frustrated with busquets ' time-wasting tactics and hurl a lump of turf at him .. naturally , busquets made the most of the contact and grabbed his eye , despite the grass clearly striking him on the back of the neck .. fabian orellana collects a lump of grass from the ground before throwing it towards sergio busquets. the celta vigo striker aims his throw in busquets ' direction during the closing stages of the match. orellana was shown a red card for throwing the chunk of grass in the direction of busquets. the lump of turf strikes busquets in the neck after tempers reached boiling point in spain. referee inaki vicandi garrido ( right ) brandishes a straight red card following the incident. orellana ( right ) leaves the field in anger after being given his marching orders. in any case though it was enough for referee inaki vicandi garrido to decide that orellana was worthy of receiving his marching orders .. the 1-0 defeat by barcelona leaves celta 11th in the league table with 35 points , comfortable mid-table and safe from relegation .. orellana will miss his side 's next game against granada on wednesday night .. barcelona star dani alves attempts to talk with orellana following his red card. jeremy mathieu ( right ) heads home in the 73rd minute to hand barcelona a 1-0 lead against celta vigo. celta vigo goalkeeper alvarez conde ( right ) is unable to stop the powerful header from mathieu
just like humans learning to talk , puppies can sometimes take a while to learn to bark .. at least , that seemed to be the case for one young shibu inu , who caused hilarity with a somewhat chatty display at an american kennel club centre .. the pup was filmed squeaking and squawking after meeting a young husky dog and attempting to bark at its new companion .. captured on video , the puppies are held in the air by their respective handlers and one of the dogs makes a high-pitched whining sound .. opening its mouth , the shibu inu then begins vocalising with a yappy bark before the husky -- leaning back in its handler 's arm -- whines .. people standing by laugh and put their hands to their mouths as a staff member turns to address and pacify the dog .. the puppy shibu inu and husky feature opposite one another while conversing at an american kennel club centre. falling quiet for a second , the shibu inu pipes up once more -- louder than before -- causing the husky to respond .. as the dogs continue to converse , the video maker asks with a giggle : ` what is that noise ? '. but it is barely audible over the sounds of the intense barking , whining and yapping .. later in the video the excited shibu inu begins running in its owner 's arms in its attempts to get closer to the husky .. passers-by laugh and film the two dogs as they begin yapping , whining and barking at one another. and people in the video can be seen laughing while mimicking the dog 's erratic and entirely humorous actions .. the video concludes with the husky losing interest slightly and chewing on its handler 's sleeve .. before the same handler speaks to the shibu inu and gives it a rub , causing it to momentarily settle down .. a staff member from the american kennel club centre attempts to pacify the puppy by giving it a rub. canine vocalisation usually begins when a puppy is around two-to-three-weeks-old and generally consists of grunts and whines .. at seven-to-eight-weeks-old , the vocalisation will develop into stronger sounding barks , although some dogs wait as long as 16 weeks before even making an attempt .
world no 5 caroline wozniacki was invited to the white house on monday to take part in the annual easter egg roll and played tennis with us president barack obama .. the danish ace participated in this year 's themed #gimmefive campaign aimed at promoting more active and healthy lifestyles among american people .. the event was broadcast on the popular talk show live !. us president barack obama plays tennis with world no 5 caroline wozniacki during the easter egg roll. obama was n't well dressed for tennis but nevertheless the 53-year-old gave it a good go on monday. obama reacts to scoring a point against wozniacki as the pair enjoy the day hosted at the white house. the white house hosts the easter egg roll every year on the lawn outside , inviting children and their parents to come and hunt for eggs , take part in sports activities and enjoy celebrity appearances .. wozniacki was joined this year by actor anthony anderson and stock car racer jeff gordon .. although he was n't particularly dressed for tennis , the president appeared to give a fairly good account of himself against the two-time us open runner-up .. wozniacki takes to her official twitter account to express her enjoyment at the white house visit. obama and wozniacki embrace as the event is broadcast on the popular show live !. the easter egg role takes place once a year on the lawn of the white house and is a popular event
a 13-year-old boy who was allegedly locked in a basement for 11 days has testified against his father and stepmother in court , saying his home was a ` very terrible ' place where he was often beaten with a plastic pipe , forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other children .. he revealed his treatment was so horrific , he attempted suicide in a bid to escape his parents ' torture .. taking the stand against charlie bothuell iv and monique dillard-bothuell on tuesday , charlie bothuell , who was 12 when he was found in the basement , described the horrors of his home life .. ` it was a very terrible place to be , ' he told the court of his family 's detroit townhouse . '. i was expected to do everything perfectly .. i was never given any leeway , to make a mistake and learn from it . '. charlie , who wore glasses , a white shirt , a tie and black pants for his hour-long testimony , was speaking publicly for the first time since he was found in his family 's cluttered and dirty basement .. testimony : charlie bothuell ( pictured ) , now 13 , was found in the basement of his family 's detroit townhouse last june following an 11-day search .. on tuesday , he testified in court against his father and stepmother. basement : taking the stand against charlie bothuell iv and monique dillard-bothuell on tuesday , charlie , who was 12 when he was found in the tiny , dirty basement ( pictured ) , described the horrors of his home life. ` weapon ' : he said his home was a ` very terrible ' place where he was beaten with this plastic pipe ( pictured being presented as evidence in court ) , forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other kids. police officers who dramatically rescued the youngster on the eleventh day of a wide-scale search for him also found a blanket , cereal box , drinks bottles and a bowl of chicken bones in the tiny room .. the hearing is meant to determine if there is enough evidence to send bothuell iv and his partner to trial on charges of torture and child abuse .. a 36th district court judge will make the decision .. during tuesday 's testimony , charlie did not look at the prosecutor as he described how he was educated at home from 2012 .. his daily routine involved waking up at 5am for a protein shake .. he was then forced to endure vigorous workouts that lasted up to two hours , followed by a shower , math and science lessons with old books , chores and another workout , he told the court .. ` what would happen if you did n't do this routine ? '. charlie replied : ' i would get in trouble , a whipping . '. the youngster said he tried to run away aged 11 , but police found him .. after he was returned home , ' i was told to basically lay across the dining room table and was spanked on the butt with a wooden stick and then a plastic pvc pipe , ' charlie told the court .. accused : ` it was a very terrible place to be , ' charlie said . '. i was expected to do everything perfectly .. i was never given any leeway , to make a mistake and learn from it . '. above , charlie 's father in court of tuesday. defendants : the hearing is meant to determine if there is enough evidence to send bothuell iv ( left ) and his partner ( right ) to trial for alleged torture and child abuse .. a 36th district court judge will make the decision. mug shots : bothuell iv ( left ) and dillard-bothuell ( right ) are seen in their mug shots following their arrests. charlie 's face was not pictured by the press as he gave his testimony ; only his hands were shown ( above ). he recalled other ` whoopings ' with sticks and pipes , which would cause the skin on his buttocks to bleed and ` split open ' .. ` why did you lay over the dining room table , ' the prosecutor asked him .. according to fox 2 , charlie replied : ` because i was told to .. ( i ) laid over the dining room table and i would be basically smacked on the butt . '. the prosecutor then inquired : ` with what ? ' '. a wooden stick , ' charlie said .. ` then a plastic pvc pipe . '. he added that his stepmother would sometimes punch him - and once even choked him .. he was left feeling depressed and upset .. the expectations about life at home were " absolutely ridiculous ' , said charlie , detailing how was made to stand in the corner with his arms held above his head if he did not complete assignments .. ` they decided when they wanted me to stop .. it was so painful , ' he said .. he added that he even attempted suicide in a bid to escape the abusive conditions at his home , wxyz reported .. home : a neighbor near the bothuells ' home showed daily mail online the bathroom that charlie likely used. tunnel : the bathroom was accessible via this tunnel ( right ) , according to the neighbor , the tunnel 's outside door ( left ) is usually locked and only accessible to maintenance men , but crucially , it was left open during the time charlie was missing so that residents could get rid of a build-up of trash in a dumpster left outside. discovery : police officers who dramatically rescued the youngster from the house ( pictured ) on the eleventh day of a wide-scale search also found a blanket , cereal box and a bowl of chicken bones in the basement. earlier in the hearing , detective sgt. ken ducker testified about finding charlie in the roughly 600-square-foot space when he went downstairs looking for evidence that might help the search . '. i was not expecting to find him , ' ducker said .. a doctor said the boy was thin with several bruises .. defense attorneys claim charlie is a liar who left and returned to the house on his own .. bothuell iv insists he did n't know his son was in the basement , which has no door at the top of the stairs .. attorney shawn smith asked ducker if he believed the boy - who is now living with his mother - was in the basement for all 11 days , but a prosecutor objected .. judge shannon holmes ended the hearing before charlie was asked about what happened last june .. the youngster , who had lived with his father for two years , will return to court on may 6 .. reaction : bothuell iv , who insists he did n't know his son was in the basement , was giving a live tv interview when he was told his son had been found by police .. he appeared to be shocked by the news ( pictured ). ` abusive'l dillard-bothuell , who allegedly once choked her stepson , is seen in court at an earlier hearing
while we all know the key to maintaining a healthy weight is finding a middle ground between the amount of food you eat and the amount of exercise you put in , it can sometimes be a bit tricky to anticipate exactly how much exercise is required .. with easter just around the corner we thought it would be helpful to give you a real life gauge on how much cardio you 'll need to put in to get the most out of your easter binge session .. starting at the very bottom of the chocolate egg scale is the mini solid egg , around four of them equate to 550 kilojules .. after eating only four mini solid chocolate eggs that contain 550 kilojules you 'll need to run for at least 40 minutes to melt the calories away. a 67-kilogram woman who ate only four of these snack sized treats would need to vigorously walk for around 40 minutes before the guilt , and the calories melted away .. a man weighing in at around 80 kilograms could achieve the same in 30 minutes .. any child , or grown adult for that matter , out on an easter scavenger hunt is sure to come across a chocolate replica of the easter bunny himself .. you would need to run for about half an hour to burn off a hollow chocolate egg. what you 'll be surprised to find is that a medium chocolate bunny contains around 4400 kilojules that wo n't burn themselves off .. if you chose the humble kayak as your weapon against weight gain , ladies you 'd be expected to paddle for at least three hours to burn that bunny off .. gents you 've lucked out in this department and will only have to spend around two hours in the water .. if cycling is more your style , then men you 'll need to spend just under two hours pedaling and ladies , you 'll need to put in just over that for that bunny to be history .. if you wanted to munch on a small bunny there 's no avoiding the 2212 kilojules that come with it .. ladies , you could hop in the pool and swim for just over an hour , or guys just under an hour , before that bunny would have melted away .. if you 've taken home a large chocolate bunny you can expect to spend at least three hours playing squash before you have worked off the 11060 kilojules added to your daily intake .. for those who like their easter with all the trimmings can expect to spend around three and a half hours on the squash court for women and just under three hours for men , before they 'll be able to burn off a large bunny which adds around 11060 kilojules to your daily calorie intake .. chocolate is n't the only temptation around easter time with two hot cross buns containing around 1800 kilojules , and that 's without any butter or jam !. fruit hot cross buns will have you hitting the pavement for an hour - and that 's if you forgo the generous layer of butter !. for those who can go without the extra spread you 'll need to run for about 40-50 minutes to work them off .. for those who ca n't , expect another 30 minutes of cardio before the calories are gone !. if you thought classic hot cross buns were bad , wait until you 're faced with 1030 kilojules of choc-chip hot cross bun - and that 's just for one !. men will need to salute the sun for around an hour and fifteen minutes with ladies putting in an hour and a half of yoga before the singular bun will vanish !. hot cross bun 's calorie laden , choc chip counterpart will require around an hour and a half of yoga before it 's completely gone !
the nfl is set to hire sarah thomas as its first permanent female official for regular season games , according to reports .. the 42-year-old mother-of-three from mississippi has officiated pre-season games as a line judge .. the baltimore sun 's aaron wilson broke the story , with the nfl refusing to confirm the appointment .. the los angeles times reported that thomas will be one of eight new officials for the 2015 season .. sarah thomas is set to become the nfl 's first full-time female official after refereeing college games. thomas was on the nfl 's list of officiating prospects and is set to be named as one of eight new officials. thomas has a history of trailblazing since beginning her refereeing career in 1999 .. starting at high school level , she would go on to become the first woman to referee in a big ten stadium and a bowl game .. ` she has the right temperament and attitude and feel for the game , ' a source told the baltimore sun .. ` she knows the rules and understands how to apply them in the spirit of the rules .. that sets her apart , male or female . ' '. i set out to do this and get involved in officiating not having any idea that there were not any females officiating football , ' thomas told nfl network .. ` being a former basketball player , you saw female officiating all the time .. so , no , i do n't feel like a pioneer . '. in 2012 , shannon eastin was hired during an officiating lockout and was line judge during the regular season game between the green bay packers and the st louis rams .. she was not hired permanently , however .
malaysia has passed a controversial terror law aimed at tackling growing support for islamic state extremists in the country in a move opponents denounced as a harsh blow for civil rights .. the prevention of terrorism act - passed in the capital kuala lumpur yesterday - officially enables authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years without charge or trial .. but it also allows for the authorities to apply for unlimited extensions after those two years expire - something that will be decided by a government-appointed terrorism board , not a judge and jury .. the bill effectively reintroduces the controversial prospect of indefinite detention without trial in malaysia - something prime minister najib razak originally repealed in 2012 .. rise : malaysian police said in january they had arrested a total of 120 people with suspected links or sympathies to the islamic state terror group ( pictured ) , or who had sought to travel to war-torn syria or iraq. razak 's political opponents and human rights groups had urged for the bill to be withdrawn , claiming it is ` open to abuse and is a grievous blow to democracy ' .. human rights watch described it as ' a giant step backwards for human rights ' .. the legislation was passed after midnight , following 15 hours of debate , according to media reports .. its passage was not in doubt due to the ruling regime 's majority in parliament .. authorities have expressed increasing alarm in the wake of isis ' bloody jihad in syria , which police say has drawn dozens of recruits from traditionally moderate , muslim-majority malaysia .. yesterday police said 17 people , including two who recently returned from syria , had been arrested on suspicion of plotting terror attacks in kuala lumpur .. no further details were given .. international : malaysian authorities have expressed increasing alarm in the wake of isis ' bloody jihad in syria , which police say has drawn dozens of recruits from traditionally moderate , muslim-majority malaysia. police said in january they had arrested a total of 120 people with suspected islamic state links or sympathies , or who had sought to travel to syria or iraq .. they also said 67 malaysians were known at the time to have gone abroad to join is jihadists , and that five had died fighting for the movement .. the terrorism act has heightened worries in malaysia over a deepening crackdown on civil liberties launched by the government in the wake of a 2013 election setback .. the ruling united malays national organisation has been in charge since 1957 , but faces possible defeat at the hands of an opposition that has campaigned against government corruption and alleged abuse of power .. dozens of government critics , including opposition politicians , academics , activists , and journalists , have been hit with sedition or other charges after criticising the regime .. leader : the bill effectively reintroduces the controversial prospect of indefinite detention without trial in malaysia - something prime minister najib razak ( pictured ) originally repealed in 2012. in particular , the terror legislation has revived concerns of a return to a previous draconian internal security act that allowed detention without trial and was repeatedly used against opposition politicians .. the isa was scrapped in 2012 amid public pressure for political reform .. ` the passage of this law is a giant step backwards for human rights in malaysia that fundamentally calls into question the government 's commitment to basic rights that are critical to the rule of law in a functioning democracy , ' human rights watch 's deputy asia director phil robertson said .. ` passage of this legislation raises serious concerns that malaysia will return to practices of the past when government agents frequently used fear of indefinite detention to intimidate and silence outspoken critics . '. the government did not immediately respond to a request for comment , but has said previously the law would not be used against anyone over their ` political ' views .
manchester city manager manuel pellegrini has confessed his academy players are not ready to step into his first-team squad , hinting that city may look to cherry-pick the best youngsters from their top-flight rivals .. in the week that liverpool 's raheem sterling spoke about his unwillingness to agree a new contract at anfield , pellegrini 's comments suggest that city may look to invest heavily in other teams ' homegrown talent this summer .. premier league regulations require clubs to carry at least eight homegrown players , which can include youngsters who have spent three of their formative years at an english club .. fa chairman greg dyke is pushing for the figure to be raised to 12 .. manuel pellegrini says the academy players at manchester city are not ready for the first team. pellegrini 's assertions may mean city buy english players like raheem sterling to reach homegrown quotas. everton 's england international midfield player ross barkley has also been linked with city. but the lack of suitable candidates emerging from patrick vieira 's academy means city 's only option will be to buy in the bulk of their quota , with the defending league champions also linked with arsenal 's jack wilshere and ross barkley of everton .. city 's current group of home-grown players will be reduced in the summer when frank lampard departs and it could be further depleted if james milner , who wants guarantees of more regular first-team football , opts to leave .. coincidentally , liverpool is milner 's most likely destination should he leave but the prospect of sterling moving in the opposite direction has been increased to the point that bookmakers rate city his most likely destination next season .. city 's youth system has come under fire in recent seasons for its lack of productivity .. belgian defender dedryck boyata , who has started nine league games in nearly six years at city , is the only former academy player anywhere near first-team contention .. pellegrini said : ` we must be patient with the academy .. maybe it 's not so easy for young players , especially at big clubs , to play in the first team , with the professional squad .. but i 'm sure in the future we will have very important players coming from the academy .. james milner could leave city in the summer with liverpool a potential destination. arsenal midfield player jack wilshere has also been linked with a transfer to city. defender dedryck boyata ( right ) is city 's only academy player near first-team contention. ` but it 's important to have years of working the same way .. maybe some talented young players can do it soon . '. sterling would fit the bill , if his impasse at liverpool proves unsolvable , although pellegrini refused to comment directly about the liverpool and england forward .. pellegrini said : ` i think it 's important for big clubs to bring in the best players , that 's the most important thing .. if they 're all good players , of course i agree with the quota .. all the big leagues -- especially the premier league -- need the best players to play . '. city 's homegrown quota is made up of boyata , lampard , milner , joe hart , reserve keeper richard wright and gael clichy , who qualifies from his years spent with arsenal .. they are joined by four academy players -- thierry ambrose , george glendon , jose angel tasende and jose angel pozo , although spaniard pozo is the only one to have been near the first team this season .. a number of young city professionals , including john guidetti at celtic , psv 's karim rekik and marcos lopes with lille , are on loan and may be brought back to plug some of the holes next season , although a big investment in english talent via the transfer market seems the only option .. frank lampard helps make up city 's homegrown quota but is leaving for new york at the end of the season. patrick vieira is overseeing the city academy 's production of youth and homegrown players. striker john guidetti is on loan at celtic but could return to meet quota regulations next season. meanwhile , pellegrini is not in action until monday , when he takes his team to crystal palace , and with chelsea in an apparently commanding lead at the top , the city manager admits his side face eight cup finals .. he said : ` i hope we can do it .. we have to play eight finals from now until the end .. we will see the way we play .. i hope the way we finish against west brom is the way we must continue .. ` it is not easy to make a clear analysis because they play with one player less .. i hope in these eight games we continue playing that way . '
moors murderer ian brady has revealed he is a ukip supporter and thinks david dimbleby is an ` establishment dumpling ' .. the 77-year-old wrote the letters from his bed at ashworth psychiatric hospital in merseyside .. brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend myra hindley .. moors murderer ian brady , pictured ( left ) from ashworth psychiatric hospital and ( right ) in a court sketch in 2013 , has revealed that he is a ukip supporter and thinks david dimbleby is an ` establishment dumpling ' in a series of letters. in a series of rambling letters , he wrote :. it comes four months after brady - who has to use a zimmer frame to move around - wrote a letter to a channel 5 news correspondent , in which he expressed no remorse for his killings .. instead he complained he is ` bedridden and worsening ' after breaking his hip and arm in fall a year ago .. brady ( left ) was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend myra hindley ( right ). the victims were lured to their deaths , sexually tortured then buried on saddleworth moor above manchester .. above , police search the area for the bodies. in the december letter he wrote : ` this cell block is described as a " discharge ward " ; i 've been sitting here 30 years ... and there 's no turnaround of inmates unless in a coffin . '. brady murdered five children between 1963 and 1965 along with accomplice hindley , who died aged 60 in 2002 .. the victims were lured to their deaths , sexually tortured then buried on saddleworth moor above manchester .. pauline reade , 16 , disappeared on her way to a disco on july 12 , 1963 , and john kilbride , 12 , was snatched in november the same year .. keith bennett was taken on june 16 , 1964 , after he left home to visit his grandmother .. lesley ann downey , 10 , was lured away from a funfair on boxing day , 1964 , and edward evans , 17 , was killed in october 1965 .. compared to the only truly democratic and altruistic peoples ' government ever elected , labour 1945 , the uk corrupt , greedmotivated ( sic ) political vermin of today , are n't worth even assassination , all being tory clerks/lackeys .. however , i hope that ukip not only wipes out the lib-dems but also decimates the tory and labour vote , and that the snp achieves the same in scotland .. in addition , i hope the ira is reactivated , as promised for a united ireland .. the corporate controlled ( including the bbc ) lower middle class , collusive , servile media generate a false appearance if of democracy and free speech , in a now spineless population constantly asking , " am i allowed to say ( this and that ) ? ". where the voters now have the choice between a coalition of public school millionaires or a refugee privileged german jew .. incidentally , the scottish dictionary definition of " cleg " ( sic ) is , aptly , " a course grey bloodsucking horsefly " .. cleg ( sic ) , like his us lickspittle blair , would form a coalition with literally anyone , just to retain his public image of secondhand power and pathetic grandiosity .. as i stopped reading uk newspapers or relying on uk media , depending only on aljezeers ( sic ) and teletext , i know nothing of any eu decisions on uk prisoners possibly voting , and could n't care less !. ironically in my half century of imprisonment , i discovered that most professional criminals are tory voters !. keith bennett ( left ) , 12 , was snatched and murdered in 1964 and john kilbride ( right ) , also 12 , was snatched in november the year before. since being convicted brady has hardly been seen .. above , a police convoy takes brady to liverpool crown court in 2000 for what was his first appearance in more than 30 years. brady was given whole life sentences for the murders of john , lesley ann and edward - but did not admit to killing keith and pauline until he was in prison .. keith 's body has never been discovered .. hindley was convicted of killing lesley ann and edward , and shielding brady after john 's murder .. she was jailed for life .. taxpayers have forked out more than # 14million on brady since he was convicted nearly 50 years ago .. he has racked up the costs by staging a 15-year hunger strike and a series of failed legal challenges - for which he has relied on legal aid .. he lost his last appeal to be transferred to a ` ordinary ' prison in june 2013 .. he also scoffs at the pm 's ` disgust ' over the possibility of convicted killers getting the vote by saying he ` could n't care less about voting ' .
this is the incredible moment a man narrowly missed being burnt alive by a massive fireball which erupted from the pavement .. father-of-two shiraz nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it in a busy street in the west midlands .. the 36-year-old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him .. flames as high as 15ft tall erupted from a manhole in the west midlands just moments after a pedestrian had walked over it. shiraz nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after he narrowly missed being burnt by flames shooting out of the manhole. as he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on as thick black smoke began billowing from the manhole .. the smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15-foot of the ground on the pedestrian walkway .. further bursts of flame and thick black plumes of smoke were to follow .. despite his shock , the building contractor was able to grab his phone in time to film the terrifying incident .. ` had it literally been a few seconds earlier i would have been walking right over it , ' said a shaken mr shiraz .. mr nawaz said he had been walking to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him and noticed the blackened cover. as he watched on in shock , thick black smoke began to escape from the manhole in the busy street in shirley , solihull. ` i 'm so lucky i did n't get burned .. i think i used up one of my lives right there .. ` i 've never seen anything like it , and i have been in the building trade . '. miraculously nobody was hurt in the incident , thanks to mr shiraz who had evacuated the nearby takeaway .. the former gas engineer told the staff to turn off the gas supply and also rang the fire service after the incident in the busy stratford road , shirley , solihull .. firefighters extinguished the blaze , which they said was caused by a fire in an underground link box - which distributes electricity - below the manhole .. neighbouring properties had to be evacuated and many others lost power for several hours as crews tackled the electrical fire which was thought to have started accidentally .. shiraz , who now fits kitchens and bathrooms , said : ` to think that i had just walked over that .. ` the flames kept shooting up - maybe five or six times .. the smoke was followed by a quick blast of flame which shot out of the manhole on the pedestrian walkway. flames shot up to a startling 15-foot high and could be reaching the top of the nearby shop and take away fronts. ` i 'm a building contractor so i knew that when i heard the noises it was something to do with electrics .. it was like a buzzing . '. i knew what it was but i did n't expect flames to come shooting out straight away or anything like that .. shiraz was walking from his home to the dixie chicken shop around the corner from his home when he saw the flames at around 7pm on monday . '. i got my phone out because i heard the actual noise and i think i saw a flash , ' he said . '. i think i managed to get it on film just as the first real flames came up .. ` it looked like it was coming from a manhole cover .. it was quite shocking . '. i told the guys in the shop to switch off the gas and get everyone out .. i told them to stop any unassuming person from walking down the road while i stayed on the other side .. flames were followed by more plumes of dark smoke continued to billow up out of the charred ground reaching several feet high. miraculously nobody was hurt in the incident after shiraz evacuated the nearby takeaway , told them to turn off their gas supply , and called the fire service. ` the guy in the shop grabbed me a couple of burgers after everything , so i guess it had a happy ending . '. a spokesman for west midlands fire service said : ` we had a number of calls about about it - probably five or six , maybe a couple more .. ` it involved a fire in an underground electrical link box .. the electrical supply was isolated by western power .. ` power was isolated to surrounding homes and premises for four hours .. ` three people were evacuated from one of the properties .. ` we used a co2 extinguisher and a hose real with foam , because it was an electrical fire .. western power distribution workers were later seen repairing the man hole cover in shirley , solihull. the area had been evacuated and blocked off as western power distribution employees worked to fix the underground link box. incredibly no-one was hurt in the incident and quick-thinking shiraz managed to grab his phone in time to take a film of the astonishing flames
javier hernandez made it six goals in eight starts as real madrid kept up their pursuit of barcelona at the top of la liga with a 4-2 win over celta vigo .. chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of leo messi who nets once every 81 minutes .. the manchester united loanee put his team in the champions league semi-finals in midweek with the winner against atletico madrid and in baliados on sunday night he scored twice to keep real in the title race .. and if his goal at the bernabeu was a tired shot with the goal gaping in the dying minutes , his strikes against celta vigo were of the highest quality and will only serve to ramp up the auction for his services at the end of the season -- who knows if his goals bring trophies to the santiago bernabeu , real might even be in the race to sign him permanently .. javier hernandez scored two more important goals for real madrid as they look to keep up with barcelona in the quest for the la liga crown. real madrid midfielder toni kroos ( right ) celebrates his equalising goal against celta vigo with with team-mate james rodriguez ( right ). it 's been a week to remember for the mexican , who currently has a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of barcelona 's lionel messi. the 26-year-old slots the ball through the legs of the onrushing celta vigo goalkeeper sergio alvarez. hernandez ( no 14 ) now has six goals in eight starts for real madrid and has impressed in the absence of regular striker karim benzema. manchester united loanee hernandez salutes the fans after scoring real 's second and putting his side ahead for the first time at balaidos. colombian international midfielder james rodriguez celebrates his strike and the visitors third goal with hernandez ( left ). the real madrid players surround striker hernandez ( no 14 ) after his first goal brought carlo ancelotti 's men back into the lead. the game was the perfect tonic for anyone who had sat through arsenal v chelsea earlier on sunday .. both sides flew forward from the off and their ambition was rewarded though for real madrid the reward was ultimately far greater .. they fell behind after nine minutes when former barcelona player nolito took advantage of poor real madrid defending .. sergio ramos lost his boot and was reduced to running back towards goal with it in his hand .. and without him rafael varane , alvaro carvajal and asier illaramendi all failed to stop nolito as he tricked his way in from the left-hand channel and shot past iker casillas .. real madrid responded on the quarter-hour when cristiano ronaldo crossed from the right .. the ball was cleared straight to toni kroos who picked his spot well to fire madrid level with his second goal of the season .. on 24 minutes real were ahead and it was man of the moment in the spanish capital hernandez who got the goal .. rodriguez was involed in the build-up but he still had plenty to do when he received the ball cutting in from the right to shoot past sergio alvarez .. celta vigo , hoping to do their former coach luis enrique a big favour , did not retreat and they were level on the half hour when 19-year-old santi mina raced away from madrid 's defence on to a pass from fabian orellana .. the teenager scored from the rebound after his first shot came back off the post .. real madrid defender sergio ramos loses his boot as he chases back during the build up to nolito 's opener for celta vigo. double goal scorer on the night hernandez ( right ) tries to round a diving celta goalkeeper sergio alvarez ( left ). portuguese forward cristiano ronaldo ( left ) fights for the ball against celta 's augusto fernandez but was unable to add to his impressive tally. the game was chaotic in every sense and sergio ramos and joaquin larrivey both needed lengthy treatment after a clash of heads .. ronaldo was linking well with james rodriguez and hernandez and almost put real ahead but saw his shot come back off the post after another fine pass from chicharito .. when the goal that put real madrid ahead did come it was again made by ronaldo .. he played in james rodriguez and his deflected shot beat alvarez to leave celta vigo going down the tunnel at half time stunned to have played so well in attack and yet still find themselves behind .. their front three of ex-barça b forward nolito , journeyman centre-forward larrivey and teenage prospect mina , aided by orellana , had run real 's back four ragged and they kept the pressure up in the second half .. it was orellana who wend down under a challenge from behind from kroos at the start of the second half but the referee was unmoved by the home side 's appeals .. isco went close for real madrid and then ronaldo raced away on another counter-attack , which ended with a pass to hernandez , he tried to hit the shot first time and , falling as he made contact , blasted it high and wide .. he would get another chance however and this time he would take it .. celta were playing football that made a mockery of the financial gulf between the two sides .. their wage bill is $ 12m compared with the $ 17m real pay ronaldo but they were inevitable leaving themselves wide open on the counter and they were also tiring badly .. it was perhaps the fatigue that meant they allowed sergio ramos to bring the ball out from the back without a celta player anywhere near him .. ramos picked out hernandez with a long pass forward and he controlled it with his first touch before slotting past alvarez with an emphatic second .. a week ago he was a frustrated squad player .. now with the season approaching its climax he looks like one of real madrid 's most important players .
broadcaster stephen a. smith has once again taken a controversial stance on domestic violence on espn 's first take .. nine months after smith received a one-week suspension for claiming women can play a role in provoking men into violence , smith tried to to claim that boxer floyd mayweather jr 's career should be looked at separate from his domestic violence history .. in the discussion , he told fellow anchor cari champion that he understood why she disagreed with his stance because she was a woman and ` should feel that way ' .. espn 's first take anchor stephen a. smith is under fire for claiming that floyd mayweather jr. 's boxing career should be looked at independently from his domestic violence history. responding to a ` good vs. evil ' approach manny pacquiao 's trainer freddie roach is taking prior to the boxer 's upcoming fight against mayweather , smith questioned how mayweather is being portrayed in the media .. when co-host cari champion said she had an issue with mayweather 's domestic violence history , smith said that was because she 's a woman and ` should feel that way. mayweather has been convicted twice for domestic violence , according to the new york post .. ` what makes me uncomfortable is that they 're also lumping all of this other stuff that floyd mayweather allegedly has done to say , " well , you know what ?. look at how much of a bad guy he is " , ' smith told champion and skip bayless on april 8 .. he added : ` when you take the position that you take , cari , against - i got no problems with this , you 're a woman , you should feel that way - anybody else , based on what he 's been accused of , i get that .. i have no issue whatsoever . '. champion jumped in , saying : ' i definitely have an issue with his domestic-violence record , but i also have an issue with how he treats women period outside the ring . '. smith stuck with his words , claiming that champion only holds the position she has because she is a woman .. he said : ` i 'm saying that her position is clear because she 's a woman , and this is how she feels he conducts himself . '. i am a boxing fan .. when i 'm talking about mayweather-pacquiao , i 'm thinking about two dudes strictly in the boxing ring .. and that 's all i 'm doing .. ` but freddie roach takes this to another level .. anybody that 's rooting for floyd mayweather , it 's almost like , " what kind of person are you ! ". floyd mayweather jr , left , is set to face off against boxer manny pacquiao on saturday .. pacquiao 's trainer has taken a ` good vs evil ' approach to the fight , claiming pacquiao represents good and mayweather represents evil. ` and when you feed into it by grasping what he says , it 's almost like , " what kind of a person are you ! ". i 'm a guy that loves boxing . '. in a july episode of first take , smith victim-blamed when he said women play a role in preventing attacks in the wake of the ray rice scandal .. during the discussion , smith alluded to women in abuse cases when he said , ` let 's make sure we do n't do anything to provoke wrong action ... we got to also make sure that you can do your part to do whatever you can do to make , to try to make sure it does n't happen again . '
two maryland parents whose hands-off ` free-range ' parenting got their children picked up by police yet again on sunday are now vowing to file a lawsuit .. danielle and alexander meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their son rafi , 10 , and daughter dvora , 6 , roam free in their suburban neighborhood .. but the meitivs , both of them scientists , say authorities crossed a line over the weekend when they picked up rafi and dvora and held them nearly six hours without food before allowing them to reunite with their parents .. picked up : officials seized dvora , 6 , ( far left ) and 10-year-old rafi ( left , blue hat ) on sunday in a maryland park .. the parents danielle and alexander meitiv ( right ) have vowed to sue authorities responsible for keeping them in custody for six hours. attorney matthew dowd , of the firm wiley rein , is representing the meitivs and on tuesday sent a ointed letter regarding sunday 's events .. ` the actions of maryland cps and montgomery county police violate the fundamental rights parents have in raising their children .. ` this fundamental , constitutional right of parents can not be infringed simply because certain governmental employees disagree with a parent 's reasoned decision on how to raise his or her children . '. the firm declined to say who the suit would be against , exactly , when asked by the washington post .. however , the attorney has vowed to pursue ` all legal remedies ' to protect the rights of the maryland parents .. the meitivs made headlines just before christmas when police found rafi and dvora walking the sidewalk on their own .. picked up again : the meitivs say they were left to panic for hours by cps workers after their children -- who they raise with a so-called ` free-range ' approach -- were picked up by police for the second time in two months while walking down the street alone. ` besides the policeman pulling up ... no ' : asked if he was scared during the hours-long ordeal sunday , 10-year-old rafi admitted he was , but not because he 'd been left alone with his sister. free-range parenting is the name given to a style of raising kids in opposition to so-called ` helicopter parenting ' .. ` helicopter parents ' are named for their habit of hovering over their offspring , micro-managing their lives in an attempt to keep them safe .. however critics believe this creates under-confident , over-reliant children , while also causing the parents stress .. free-range parents advocate a more hands-off approach , where children are allowed to go out and experience the world on their own .. instead of constantly monitoring activities to make sure children are safe , the emphasis is put on adults assessing risk ahead of time , and equipping children with the skills to deal with danger themselves .. on sunday , a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home .. the children were picked up by police , who say they followed protocol by turning them over to cps .. meanwhile , mrs meitiv tells fox 5 dc that cps workers left her and her husband to panic for hours before letting them know their kids were safe .. what 's more , the elder child , rafi , insists the scariest part of the hours-long ordeal was being picked up by police .. ` they kept the kids for hours , ' a shaken danielle meitiv told fox 5 after being reunited with them .. ` it 's 10:30 at night .. they 've been missing since 6 o'clock ... somebody called 911 and the police called cps and they decided to bring the kids here and they did n't call us . '. according to mrs. meitiv , the children were expected home no later than 6:30 .. when 6:30 came and went , they became frantic .. they would not receive a call from cps until 8pm .. even then , they say they were n't reunited with their children or even told where they were for hours .. in the interim , rafi tells fox 5 that initially he believed the responding police officer was simply offering them a lift .. ` the policeman said " we 'll give you a ride home " when we were like two blocks away .. and two and a half hours later , after sitting in the car two and a half hours , he said " i 'll bring you home " and , instead , he brought us here . '. ` here ' was child protective services , rafi said .. and as he and his sister sat waiting to go home , their parents say ` upper management ' at cps was involved in keeping that from happening .. only at 10:30 pm did mrs. meitiv say she was reunited with her children and only after promising not to let them off the leash .. parenting style : the meitivs believe in giving children an unusual amount of independence from a young age. guarantees : as part of their free-range parenting philosophy , the meitivs make sure their children carry these badges in case someone worries and asks while they are out on the street. ` they made us sign a safety plan that says we will not leave them attended at all until they follow up ,. ` and i 'm not gon na risk my kids being snatched again like this by cps . '. when questioned , the meitivs say they believe in a so-called ` free-range ' approach to parenting , which encourages independence from infancy .. in march , the cps found the couple guilty of neglect for letting the children walk home from school alone .. it meant the agency would start a file on the family 's activities and whereabouts for at least five years .. the meitivs hit back at the ruling , insisting they would continue to bring up their own children as they see fit - whatever the consequences .. unsubstantiated child neglect is not a criminal charge , but is in most cases a prelude to such charges .. it usually comes when the cps has deemed parents to have neglected their children , but has insufficient information or witnesses to press charges or take action .. after sunday 's incident they were forced sign a paper pledging not to leave them unattended
this is the moment a heroic teenage baskin robbins employee in washington punched an armed robber as he tried to steal money from the cash register .. rachael bishop , 19 , was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain 's lynnwood store when a man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in , unzipped his jacket and showed her he had a gun .. bishop said she tried to plead with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the cash register , but when that did n't work she took action .. as the man reached into the till , bishop tried to swat his hand away .. when that did n't stop him , she started punching him in the head multiple times .. this is the moment heroic teenage baskin robbins employee rachael bishop , 19 , punched an armed robber as he tried to steal money from the cash register of the lynnwood , washington store. as the man reached into the till bishop tried to swat his hand away .. when that did n't stop him , she started punching him in the head multiple times. bishop said it was ` just a reaction ' , an instinct to protect the store . '. i love my bosses here , so a couple hundred bucks gets stolen , that 's damage to the store and everyone 's paycheck , ' she said '. i did n't want him to take my store 's money , it was just a reaction , ' bishop told kiro tv .. ` it hurt , but you have adrenaline so you do n't really think about it . '. the robber punched bishop right back , and that 's when she said he managed to steal $ 280 from the cash register , according to komo news .. and yet the teenager remained unfazed .. as the robber fled out the door she immediately ran after him .. bishop continued to chase the robber through the strip mall 's parking lot , warning people nearby that he had a gun .. onlookers saw what bishop was doing and began following the man as well .. bishop said she tried to plead with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the cash register , but when that did n't work she took action. the robber punched bishop right back , and that 's when she said he managed to steal $ 280 from the cash register. the robber disappeared into the woods but , according to police , the combined efforts of bishop and the public helped officers quickly locate and arrest the man .. ` they did a really good job directing the police into a starting location where the suspect was last seen disappearing into a wooded area , ' said lynwood police commander jim nelson .. officers later discovered the 44-year-old man was a wanted felon for forgery .. both police and bishop 's boss recommend to just hand over the money when confronted with an armed robber , but nelson said ` the reality is that people kind of react as they react ' .. ` in this case , she fought back and did n't want to be a victim of this crime . '. bishop said she realizes ` how stupid it was to punch someone with a gun ' , but said she was just acting on instinct to protect the store she has worked at for nearly a year , according to q13 fox . '. i love my bosses here , so a couple hundred bucks gets stolen , that 's damage to the store and everyone 's paycheck , ' she said .. bishop even went back to work the same day of the robbery .. ` my boss was like , you can go home , but i actually need my hours , ' she said . '. i have to stay . '. and yet the teenager remained unfazed .. as the robber ran out the door she immediately ran after him , chasing the robber through a strip mall 's parking lot , warning people nearby that he had a gun. bishop even went back to work the same day of the robbery .. ` my boss was , like , you can go home , but i actually need my hours , ' she said . '
charlie adam stunned the premier league with a goal from his own half in stoke 's clash with chelsea on saturday evening .. here is a look back at some of the finest examples of the genre .. charlie adam struck a stunning goal from inside his own half against chelsea at stamford bridge. thibaut courtois was left helpless also his chelsea side eventually went on to win 2-1. the midfielder would go on to be a world-renowned , generational talent - but was only an emerging figure when , on the first day of the 1996-97 season , he spotted wimbledon goalkeeper neil sullivan off his line and arced the ball perfectly over him and into the net to round off a 3-0 win .. david beckham struck from inside his own half for manchester united against wimbledon in 1996. beckham celebrated the final goal in 3-0 win for united on the opening day of the 1996-97 season. an even greater rarity - a headed goal from a player in his own half .. samuelsen 's odd grenland side were leading 2-1 , tromso 's goalkeeper andre hansen was up for a corner and the ball was cleared towards odd 's centre forward .. defender steffen hagen nodded the ball away from him and just back across the halfway line , where samuelsen met it with a powerful header which carried at least 30 yards and bounced into the unguarded net .. local police measured the goal at 58.13 metres , earning samuelsen a spot in the guinness book of records for the longest headed goal .. the spanish midfielder actually achieved the feat twice in 2006 while with liverpool - and once with each foot , for good measure .. the left-footed effort was into an empty net , with luton keeper marlon beresford up for a corner in injury time of an fa cup tie the reds won 5-3 , but he then launched a flat lob over newcastle keeper steve harper from the edge of the centre circle inside his own half in the premier league .. xabi alonso celebrates scoring from his own half for liverpool against newcastle in 2006. steve harper was helplessly beaten in the newcastle goal by the spanish midfielder 's superb effort. the elfsborg forward was out on the right sideline , a couple of yards inside his own half , when orebro keeper tomer chencinski 's clearance dropped to him .. ishizaki simply swung a first-time right foot volley at the ball , which bounced once in the middle of the penalty area before finding the top corner perfectly .. the then-wigan defender displayed great quick thinking against stoke in 2009 when his side were awarded a free-kick near the halfway line .. robert huth fouled scott sinclair and , with most of the players napping , figueroa ran straight on to the stationary ball to blaze a shot over thomas sorensen and in .. wigan athletic 's maynor figueroa ( second left ) struck from behind halfway against stoke in 2009. again , the hannover goalkeeper was up for a free-kick , but that should not detract from paderborn midfielder stoppelkamp 's achievement as the ball was cleared to him on the edge of his own penalty area and he simply controlled it on his chest , turned and volleyed the ball into the net from a scarcely believable 83 yards to make it 2-0 .. moritz stoppelkamp of paderborn ( centre ) celebrates his stunning goal against hanover in september 2014. the stoke man has previous for this kind of behaviour , having showcased the skill during two loan spells from rangers earlier in his career .. an effort for blackpool 's reserves was just inside the accrington half , but one for ross county against st mirren in 2007 was just about on the line - close enough to give him the benefit of the doubt , in any case .. adam ( right ) celebrates with his stoke city team-mates after scoring at stamford bridge on saturday
would you feel better about gauging on junk food if it were dressed up like a gourmet feast ?. that 's the question followers of a clever new instagram account are asking themselves , after taking a harder look at the deceiving dishes being served up online .. appearing under a fictional name to remain anonymous , chef jacques lamerde - which roughly translates to ` jack sh -- ' - the account pokes fun at high-end dining by dressing up cheap , fattening , convenience store goods to look like fancy gastronomic creations .. not only are the plates artistically manufactured , but they come with equally pretentious captions .. one description , featuring a hot pocket as the centerpiece , read : ` hay-baked hot pockets with hidden valley bacon ranch spheres and a puree of zoodles '. fancy that : the instagram account jacques lamerde is dressing up junk food as fine dining to poke fun at high-end restaurants .. seen here is a corn dog with packet ham , spongebob squarepants macaroni and ketchup. i 'll have s ` more , please : this delicate assortment features generic chocolate cake ` from the freezer section ' , banana popsicle , ` muscle milk spheres ' and graham cracker pastry cream .. gourmet all the way : here we have a cupcake with rainbow dunk-a-roos , yogurt raisins , dusted with starbucks mocha frappacino ` caviar '. flavorsome : here we have a slice of jimmy dean sausage with canned spring vegetas , frito hoops and a ` palate cleansing shot of fermented lake michigan water with nutisional ( sic ) yeast rim. looks a little different here : the dishes use cheap , everyday junk food , such as fritos and jimmy dean sausage patties. dessert time : looks elaborate right ?. it 's actually just a pop tart with mike n ike and some mentos scattered about. gastronomic : this creation was called ` bugs on a stick ' and features raisins on a celery stick with cheez whiz and kale shreds. to see the full instagram , visit@chefjacqueslamerde
my son is ahead of me , his kayak skimming across the slate blue water .. a battalion of cormorants lands on a tree .. i pull up my paddle and the air settles around me , as serene as the lake .. then james comes shooting across , spraying me with water as he turns on his paddle .. ` there 's a great beach over there .. james is nearly 16 , and i 'm painfully aware that my years of holidaying with him are coming to a close .. my last choices all ended in teenage snits .. then a friend suggested a back-to-nature break in poland .. unknown : wigry national park , in north-east poland , is the furthest outreach of the masurian lakes. our destination is wigry national park , in the north-east of the country , close to the lithuanian border .. it is the furthest outreach of the masurian lakes ( poland 's lake district ) , and the most sparsely populated .. our base is an unassuming but pristine hotel right on the wigry lakeshore .. the national park snuggles around it , a mass of primeval forest and waterways that are home to otter and beaver , wolf and elk .. the area is unspoiled , but it is also exceedingly well set-up for outdoorsy pursuits .. the hotel rents mountain bikes and nordic walking poles , and you could cycle or hike for days around the well-marked trails .. come and discover : the area is unspoiled , but it is also exceedingly well set-up for outdoor pursuits. or you can take to the water .. whichever way you turn , there is another beach , another jetty , another twisting corner of wigry -- the name means ` winding ' -- and it has the longest and most meandering shoreline of all of poland 's lakes .. the food is solid , verging on stolid , big piles of comfort stacked high and priced low -- a lightweight # 3 a plate .. we need the calories , with the amount of exercise we are notching up .. we cycle through the forest , keeping a hopeful eye out for wildlife .. but we are too noisy , what with our clanking gears and my muffled grunts as i hit yet another tree root .. a holiday of an old-fashioned kind : jane found a refreshing simplicity to this pretty corner of poland. it is all so wholesome that , as we sit by another pristine lake , watching the sun dip down , i find myself singing old campfire songs as james takes another swim .. the place has somehow transported me back to my own teens , to a time when holidays did not need to be sophisticated .. i 've loved this holiday , ' says james , as we sit for the last time on the hotel jetty , sharing a bar of chocolate and watching the stars .. ` me too , ' i tell him .. a wealth of water and wow factor : jane chose the region for an active holiday with her teenage son. ryanair ( 0871 246 0000 , www.ryanair.com ) flies from stansted to kaunas from # 49 return .. double rooms at the hotel nad wigrami , gawrych ruda ( 0048 87 563 59 59 , www.hotelnadwigrami.pl ) cost from # 50 per night b&b .. mountain bikes and kayaks can be hired .. for more on wigry national park , visit www.wigry.win.pl .
a woman who worked briefly for the president of a maine college has filed a discrimination lawsuit against the school , alleging she was expected to play tennis , jog and watch ` chick flicks ' with her female boss .. sarah hulbert , of auburn , wrote in her complaint that she was treated differently from her male co-workers during her time as an executive assistant at bates college in lewiston and was fired for having ` no pizzazz . '. the sun journal reports that the 59-year-old hulbert worked for bates president a. clayton spencer for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012 .. bates president : the ex-assistant to bates college president clayton a. spencer ( pictured ) claims that the president fired her because she would n't job with her or watch chick flicks. in the suit , hulbert wrote : ` plaintiff 's supervisor , the president of bates college , ( a. clayton spencer ) expected plaintiff , as a condition of her employment , to engage in activities with the president , such as running , tennis lessons and watching ` chick flicks , ' which the president did not require of similarly situated male employees . '. hulbert claimed she has suffered a financial loss and a human loss due to ` gender discrimination ' and seeks compensatory damages at a jury trial .. hulbert alleges that she was mislead when she was for the job at spencer 's home in winchester , mass. .. ` during that interview , ms. spencer assured me that she highly valued the personal time that employees should have and would n't ... intrude upon that personal time , ' hulbert wrote in her complaint .. hulbert says when she began employment that spencer expected her to jog with her at 5:30 a.m. but that she could not because she had surgery on her right foot in the past .. when hulbert offered to find spencer a different running partner , ` she reluctantly suggested that i try , but left me feeling pressured to run with her if i wished to continue working for her , ' hulbert said .. hulbert claims that spencer asked her to participate in tennis lessons but again she said she would ` reluctantly ' try because of the injury to her foot .. the university : ex-assistant sarah hulbert , 59 , worked for bates president a. clayton spencer for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012. ` although i indicated a willingness to try playing tennis with ms. spencer , her reaction at all points was significant disappointment that i was not going to be running and possibly not playing tennis with her , ' hulbert wrote in her complaint to the agency .. spencer allegedly fired hulbert on july 10 because she ` did not have pizzazz , ' hulbert claims .. hulbert was allegedly informed that that if spencer had ` discarded ' her , then ` no one else will wish to take you ' for other positions at the college .. hulbert claims that bates had ` ratified the gender and disability-based discrimination of its president in refusing to consider me for any other open position with the college . '. the sun journal reports that before her brief time at bates , she worked for the law firm berman and simmons in lewiston and before that was employed at hebron academy as the director of research and development .. a bates spokesman said in a statement that ` the college strongly disagrees with the allegations ' and will defend itself in court .. according to the bates website , from september 2005 until she joined bates in 2011 , spencer served as harvard 's vice president for policy .
campaigners against the new protein world ` are you beach body ready ? '. adverts are celebrating today after learning that they are being taken down .. transport for london ( tfl ) has revealed that the controversial posters around the london underground , featuring a bikini-clad model called renee somerfield are being removed .. the sight of the 24-year-old 's toned figure towering above train platforms has caused a stir among feminists and body image campaigners - a change.org petition calling for the adverts to be pulled has already attracted more than 50,000 signatures .. one of the many protein world posters on the london underground that have been defaced. several of the images have also been defaced by bloggers , angry at the perceived insinuation that only women who look like renee are ready to go to the beach .. the advertising standards authority has also received more than 200 complaints from people saying that the adverts promote an unhealthy body image .. but today , tfl confirmed that it was pulling the posters down , because they had come to the end of the three-week advertising period that protein world had paid for .. the company also said it had taken note of the reaction from customers to the advert and that they would bear it in mind if they received a request to put up posters of a similar nature in future .. the posters are now being removed from the london underground. a tfl spokesperson told mailonline : ` this advertisement will begin to be removed from our network as scheduled from tomorrow .. ` we have received one complaint about it and we will be guided by the committee of advertising practice ( cap ) and advertising standards authority ( asa ) if a similar advert were to be submitted again .. ` we have zero tolerance towards graffiti on the network and take action to prevent it and remove it . '. the removal of the posters comes as a protest organised against protein world in hyde park on may 2 gathers steam - hundreds of people are expected to attend the rally in central london .. the posters have caused a huge backlash on social media , with thousands of tweets directed at the campaign .. one user called catrin stewartwrite : ` you clearly know what you 're trying to sell with that offensive , unrealistic and sexist advert . '. another called livy christophers said : ` you do n't get to tell women what is offensive .. " are you beach body ready " really means " why do n't you look like this . " '. online fitness store protein world , who claim that the image is entirely unphotoshopped , have been actively engaging in the furore on social media , strongly defending their campaign with some biting responses to aggrieved tweeters. online fitness store protein world , who claim that the image is entirely unphotoshopped , have been actively engaging in the furore on social media , strongly defending their campaign with some biting responses to aggrieved tweeters .. ` we are a nation of sympathisers for fatties , ' a spokesperson for protein world tweeted to one user after she signed the change.org petition calling for the removal of the advert .. ` why make your insecurities our problem ? '. tv presenter susanna reid described the campaign for protein shakes , which features a toned swimwear-clad model alongside the slogan ` are you beach body ready ? '. , as ` anxiety inducing ' during an interview with the fitness brand 's head of global marketing on monday morning .. the good morning britain presenter and her co-host ben shephard grilled richard staveley about the uproar surrounding the poster , which has attracted the wrath of many social media users .. many have been outraged that the advert appears to suggest women can not go on the beach in a bikini unless they look like the slim model in the advert .. ` what if my only goal is to be on a beach ? '. , susanna asked richard , adding , ` am i irrational by finding that advert a little bit anxiety inducing ? '. weighing in on the debate : susanna reid revealed she found the controversial protein world advert ` anxiety inducing ' on good morning britain on monday. security threat : staveley revealed police were investigating a bomb threat made to the company. the protein world boss defended the campaign , saying : ` that may be but we are a fitness brand , our own aspirations are to make the nation healthier and ask each one of us to set our sights higher , to be fitter , to be healthier and actually have an inner and outer confidence within ourselves . '. the tv stars also addressed the company 's blunt responses to twitter complaints , including ` why make your insecurities our problem ' and ` grow up ' .. but staveley believes the reaction is justified , saying , ` there is an irrational minority who have decided to interpret it in that way . '. susanna , 44 , retorted : ` do you think everybody who objects to it is irrational ?. am i an irrational extremist ? '. defending protein world : richard staveley , head of global marketing , insisted the company 's advert was n't meant to offend and was targeted at health-conscious individuals looking to get fit in time for summer. the company boss revealed protein world has received ` threats on our head office , physical and violent threats ' .. he added : ` we had a bomb threat ... that 's been reported to the police .. it 's currently being investigated . '. staveley concluded his appearance on the itv show by declaring that it had been a ` fantastic campaign ' for the brand and they wo n't changing their advertising methods in future .. the advertising standards authority ( asa ) said it has received 216 complaints about the advert and is ` carefully assessing ' the complaints to ` establish if there are grounds for further action ' .. sales of protein powder - which can be priced up to # 45 per kilogram tub - are rocketing in the uk , growing from # 73m in 2007 to # 170m in 2012 .. they are expected to reach # 358m by 2017 , according to the market-analyst euromonitor , as gym-going brits add the stuff to post-workout smoothies and drinks in a bid to build muscle .. meanwhile , katie hopkins came to protein world 's defence , tweeting : ` chubsters , quit vandalising protein world ads and get your arse running on the road .. feminism is n't an excuse for being fat .. eat less , move more . '. and writer samantha brick , who is open about feeling confident about her looks , posted a provocative update on facebook : ` just ordered my size 8 yellow bikini for my beach hols in june .. i will be bikini ready .. * that * ad totally worked for me . '
a former doctor charged with killing a yale university physician he once worked with has been found incompetent to stand trial for the second time .. new haven superior court judge thomas o'keefe jr. ruled monday that 49-year-old lishan wang should be sent to connecticut valley hospital for treatment .. in a court report submitted last month , mental health experts said wang displayed ` paranoid thinking ' and was ` guarded and suspicious ' when discussing a relationship with court-appointed lawyers .. lishan wang was charged with murder in the shooting of yale university doctor vajinder toor outside his home in april 2010. he was originally ruled incompetent in 2010 , but he was restored to competency after being treated at connecticut valley hospital .. a new evaluation was ruled after a public defender filed a motion asking for the court to terminate wang 's self-representation. the ruling came after two mental health experts testified that wang is unable to rationally understand criminal proceedings or assist in his defense , according to the hartford courant .. wang , a father of three , is charged with murder in the shooting of dr. vajinder toor , 34 , and shooting but missing toor 's then-pregnant wife outside the couple 's branford , connecticut , home in april 2010 .. police say the shooting stemmed from a dispute the men had two years earlier while working together at a new york city hospital .. wang , who represented himself at the hearing , is due back in court on may 21 .. the report said that wang would not be able to ` establish an effective relationship with a defense attorney or to organize himself in a manner that he could be meaningfully understood by others ' in his current state .. wang and toor worked together at kingsbrook jewish medical center in new york city , and wang had a history of confronting toor and other staff members before his dismissal in 2008 .. toor ( pictured ) was shot outside of his branford , connecticut , home .. after the shooting , wang was found in his van with documents referring to his dismissal from kingsbrook medical center in new york city , where it 's believed he had confrontations with toor. after the shooting , police found wang in his van with documents referring to his dismissal and others involved .. they also found a wig , hammer , knife and about a thousand rounds of ammunition .. in 2010 wang was originally ruled incompetent , but he was restored to competency after being treated at connecticut valley hospital .. when a second competency evaluation was ordered earlier this year after chief public defender thomas j. ullmann filed a motion asking for the court to terminate wang 's self-representation .. ullmann said that wang is mentally ill , which wang countered by accusing the public defenders of working against him .. ` this is much more complicated because of particular issues in this case that it 's hard for me to figure out even where to start , ' o'keefe told the hartford courant .. ` he chooses to represent himself , which he has a right to do , but it causes some problems on how to proceed . '. wang has asked to represent himself in his trial and accused the public defender 's office of working against him. while representing himself , wang will have an opportunity to cross-examine witnesses , call witnesses , make his own statements and testify on his own behalf .. though wang did not testify at monday 's hearing , he referred to a rebuttal of the competency report in which he quoted dostoyevsky , socrates , richard nixon , abraham lincoln and alleged boston marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev , as well as recounts two parables .. wang said that the experts misinterpreted his answers , misquoted him and lacked knowledge about his ` cultural background ' .. one of the experts from the competency report , madelon baranoski , said that wang lost his ` path of rational thinking ' during the evaluation and that he suffers from ' a very serious mental illness ' .. she added that his distrust of the public defender 's office was ` reaching psychotic proportions ' .. ` it is our opinion that you need treatment , ' she said .. police investigate the murder scene of yale university doctor vajinder toor in branford , connecticut , monday , april 26 , 2010
archaeologist hunting for a royal tomb in a tunnel. beneath a towering pre-aztec pyramid has made a discovery that. may have brought him a step closer : liquid mercury .. in the bowels of teotihuacan , a mysterious ancient city that. was once the largest in the americas , earlier this month sergio gomez found ` large quantities ' of the silvery metal in a chamber at. the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years .. and because of the potential supernatural significance of liquid mercury in ritual ends , deeper into the complex gomez hopes to find the elusive last resting place of a king .. hope : mexican archaeologist sergio gomez has been excavating a pre-aztec pyramid in teotihuacan , mexico , for six years and came across ` large quantities ' of liquid mercury earlier this month. underground : gomez announced on friday that he found the liquid mercury in a chamber at the end of a tunnel ( pictured ) that had been sealed off for more than 1,800 years. ` it 's something that completely surprised us , ' gomez said at. the entrance to the tunnel below teotihuacan 's pyramid of the. plumed serpent , about 30 miles northeast of mexico city .. if gomez is right , it could help settle a debate over how power was wielded in teotihuacan , a city boasting massive stone pyramids that was home to as many as 200,000 people and the heart of ancient empire that flourished between 100 and 700 a.d. .. some archaeologists believe the toxic element could herald. what would be the first ruler 's tomb ever found in teotihuacan ,. a contemporary of several ancient maya cities , but so shrouded. in mystery that its inhabitants still have no name .. unsure why the mercury was put there , gomez says the metal. may have been used to symbolize an underworld river or lake .. though mercury has previously been uncovered in small amounts at a few maya sites much. further south , it had never been found in teotihuacan .. mercury was rare in ancient mexico , as it was difficult to mine and prized for its reflective properties .. have had a supernatural significance for ritual ends .. teotihuacan , or ` abode of the gods ' in the aztec language of. nahuatl , was distinct from the mayan civilization .. royalty : gomez said that he is unsure as to why the mercury was in the tunnel ( pictured ) , but he hopes that it will lead him to the tomb of the city 's king. digging : national institute of anthropology and history ( inah ) archaeologists work at a tunnel that may lead to a royal tombs discovered at the ancient city of teotihuacan in 2011 .. gomez said their findings could lead to settling the debate as to how power was distributed in the city. inhabitants left behind no written record , abandoning the city. long before the aztecs came to power in the 14th century .. spaniards dug at teotihuacan in the 1670s , but rigorous. scientific excavation of the site did not begin until the 1950s .. gomez 's six-year slog in the tunnel has already yielded tens. of thousands of artifacts including stone sculptures , fine. jewelry and giant seashells leading to the three chambers .. painstaking excavation has slowed due to extreme humidity , mud ,. and now , the need for protective gear to avoid mercury. george cowgill , a u.s. archaeologist who has spent more than. four decades excavating teotihuacan , says the mercury find. increases the odds of finding a tomb .. ` but it 's still very uncertain , and that is what keeps. everybody in suspense , ' he added .. mexican archaeologist linda manzanilla believes that at its. peak , the city was ruled not by a single king , but a council of. four lords , and that gomez may find the remains of one of them .. to bolster her argument , she cites the absence of a single. palace or the presence of kings in any of the city 's many. the excavation of the chambers should be finished by. october , gomez said , with an announcement of findings by the end
it may have taken 170 minutes to come but super sub yevhen shakhov earned dnipro a place in the europa league semi-finals after breaking brugge hearts with a late winner on thursday night .. the midfielder latched on to a ruslan rotan pass as the ukrainian 's hit on the counter attack to settle a tie that looked to be heading for extra-time after last week 's goalless draw in belgium .. the belgian league leaders set the record for most europa league games unbeaten after the stalemate took them to 11 without loss since the opening game of the group stage earlier this season .. yevhen shakhov broke the deadlock in the final 10 minutes with a left-footed drive that took a slight deflection. australia goalkeeper mathew ryan can do nothing to stop shakhov 's effort finding the net. shakhov leads the celebrations after netting the winner for dnipro to book a europa league semi-final place. but their european dream came crashing down at the at the dnipro-arena during an evening that offered little in the way of quality .. the visitors started the game brightly as davy de fauw and nikola storm combined to good effect down the right but , after carving the brugge defence open , could only win a corner .. but the ukraine outfit soon settled into the game and took control of proceedings .. yheven konoplyanka , perennially linked with a move to the premier league was a constant threat down the dnipro left .. first he weaved his way into the penalty area with a jinking run but was eventually crowded out before the ukraine international test brugge keeper mathew ryan with the first meaningful effort of the match .. dnipro midfielder shakhov slides to his knees in celebration after earning his side a place in the last four. the dnipro players mob the goalscorer as his effort sends them into the europa league semi-finals. dnipro ( 4-2-3-1 ) : boyko , douglas , luchkevych ( bruno gama 90 +1 ) , fedetskiy , kankava , leo matos , cheberyachko , bezus ( shakhov 46 ) , rotan , konoplyanka , seleznyov ( kalinic 72 ). subs not used : lastuvka , vlad , svatok , blyznychenko. scorer ( s ) : shakhov 82. brugge ( 4-3-3 ) : ryan , de fauw , duarte , de bock , mechele , simons , refaelov , vormer , de sutter ( oulare 70 ) , izquierdo ( dierckx 86 ) , storm ( vazquez 86 ). subs not used : kujovic , van den buijs , silva , coopman. manager : michel preud ` homme. referee : alberto undiano mallenco ( esp ). the winger unleashed a well struck free kick from all of 30 yards , but the effort was straight at the australia no 1 .. the home side pressed for an opener as konoplyanka continued to cause the brugge backline problems as the winger tormented the right-hand side of the brugge defence .. and dnipro could have been in front on the half-hour mark but yevhen seleznyov fired off target after being picked out in the area by roman bezus .. the ukrainians were almost gifted an opening goal moments before half-time after a miscommunication between ryan and defender brandon mechele that had manager michel preud ' homme shaking his head in disbelief .. just minutes after the restart dnipro again came close to breaking the deadlock .. this time it was konoplyanka who , after collecting rotan 's brilliant ball over the top , fired an effort agonisingly wide of the far post .. brugge continued to defend for their lives as the visitors seemed intent on preserving their unbeaten record in the competition this season .. the dangerous yevhen konoplyanka shields his face as he flies into a challenge with ruud vormer. dnipro forward roman bezus vies for the ball with ruud vormer during the quarter-final clash. in a rare foray into the final third substitute obbi oulare let fly with a 30-yard strike that narrowly missed the target as the game looked to be heading for an extra 30 minutes .. brugge began to take more opportunities as the game neared the final 15 minutes , and it proved their undoing .. dnipro broke swiftly and rotan released shakhov , a half-time substitute , who cut in on his left foot and beat ryan courtesy of a slight deflection .. brugge made a late double change in a bid salvage their place in the competition but it was too little , too late as dnipro europa league dream continues .
david templeton has delivered a damning critique of the training-ground methods deployed at rangers by ally mccoist and kenny mcdowall .. the ibrox winger claimed stuart mccall had brought a brand of coaching and tactical preparation he felt was lacking under the previous management .. templeton praised the impact the former motherwell boss has made since his arrival on a short-term deal last month , with back-to-back wins having revived confidence ahead of saturday 's home meeting with championship title-winners hearts .. rangers winger david templeton is full of praise for the impact of new boss stuart mccall. templeton says that mccall 's training ground methods are superior to the previous management 's. ` for me , it 's a coaching thing , ' said templeton , assessing the changes under the new leadership .. ` we 're being coached more and , building up to games , we 're working on different formations , which players are going to play , movements , all different stuff , like most teams probably do .. ` for me , it has been great , every boy going into a game knows what they have to do , basically .. ` the tempo of training , the intensity , everything has been right up and it has been really enjoyable actually , but tough .. that 's what we needed . '. asked if that was not the case beforehand , templeton simply replied : ` no . '. pressed to expand , he added : ' i do n't think we were being coached the right way .. we were n't going into games working on the stuff i think we should have been working on , which we are doing now and that is showing with the results .. ` we should probably still have won games that we did n't .. but going into games knowing what you have to do does definitely help and i think that showed in the hibs game two weeks ago .. ` we changed the formation and shut out their midfield , their most creative part , and that showed with the result .. they did n't create any chances - i do n't think cammy ( bell ) had a save to make .. that was just through working on things during the week . '. former boss mccoist was placed on garden leave last december with assistant mcdowall becoming caretaker manager .. he then stepped down when mccall and kenny black arrived .. despite his unflattering assessment , templeton insisted he was not attacking the qualities of mccoist or mcdowall .. ` it 's not that i think it 's better coaching , ' said templeton .. ` every coach has a different style .. ` the way we were going , we needed to work on things to get back to playing well and defending well .. ` we were gifting too many goals and i think that was just through not working on the back four or back three , whatever we were playing .. i do n't think that he ' s a bad coach or anything , just that since the manager has come in we 've worked on stuff we had to work on . '. templeton has singled out the change in formation and new-found intensity as behind the improvement
luca railton , 11 , was told he would never walk - but has now taken his first steps unaided. an 11-year-old boy told he would never walk has taken his first steps unaided thanks to pioneering treatment in the us .. luca railton was born with bones missing from his legs , due to the rare condition bilateral tibial hemimelia .. doctors said the condition - which affects just one in three million people - meant he would to have his right leg amputated or fused straight .. but his loved ones refused to accept these grim prospects , which would have left luca severely disabled for life .. instead , they began desperately trying to find other suitable treatments , and eventually found an american surgeon called dr dror paley , who assured luca 's parents his leg could be saved .. through tireless fundraising , mr and mrs railton managed to raise # 135,000 to take their son to the us for surgery .. he underwent a series of operations -- including one to break his right leg and start lengthening his femur ( thigh bone ) .. now , luca is walking unaided -- without the stints he formerly needed - and can even play cricket and tennis .. his mother , teresa , 43 , said : ` from the moment he was born our goal in life has been for him to keep his legs .. ` we knew we would do everything in our power for him .. before we went to america , luca was getting worse .. ` he was in pain and reliant on his crutches .. it was awful to see .. ` we knew we had to raise # 135,000 and our friends have been brilliant .. we have had amazing donations .. but if we had n't our plan b was to re-mortgage the house . '. luca was born with no shin bone ( tibia ) and no knee in his right leg , and only a partial shin bone in his left leg .. for the first year of his life , every doctor said that his leg would eventually be amputated .. but his family discovered a german surgeon called professor weber who had been working on luca 's rare problem , and he agreed to come to england to perform a pioneering 10 hour operation on luca 's legs .. the surgery was hugely successful and for the next few years , luca was able to walk on his own and play with other children .. throughout his childhood years , luca underwent over 60 hours of surgery as doctors tried to rebuild his legs over and over again as he has grew .. but in february last year , when luca was 10 , nhs doctors told his parents there was nothing more they could do for him , and recommended he have his leg amputated , or fused straight .. but his family refused to give up and combed the medical literature for alternatives , eventually coming across dr dror paley , an orthopaedic surgeon in florida .. he claims to be the most experienced limb lengthening and deformity correction surgeon in the united states as well as internationally .. luca was born with bones missing from his legs , due to the rare condition bilateral tibial hemimelia .. at 10-years-old doctors said nothing more could be done for him and he would need to have his leg amputated. throughout his childhood years , luca underwent more than 60 hours of surgery as doctors tried to rebuild his legs over and over again as he has grew. dr paley said he would be able to save luca 's leg and allow him to walk , so his parents began fundraising more than # 100,000 to take their son to the us .. they held karaoke night , zumba night , cake sales , races , sponsored walks and convinced local companies to donate .. setting up social media accounts and a website meant people could donate directly to luca 's cause .. they were able to raise the cash and luca underwent his first lengthy operation on march 27 .. he then had three more operations between may and november .. each day for several weeks , his parents had to turn struts placed in their son 's leg to allow the bone to grow .. since his return , luca ( pictured right with his mother ) is now able to walk without crutches , play tennis , cricket and even hopes to drive cars .. he is pictured , left , as a baby , after being diagnosed. after nine months , on december 19 , luca and his parents returned to their home near malmesbury , wiltshire .. since his return , luca has made immense progress and over the last week has been able to walk without crutches .. but while the railtons are celebrating luca 's success , the ordeal is not over as he will need further surgery to lengthen his right leg in three years time .. the rod inserted in his leg may also be removed and he will require a knee implant .. luca said : ` it 's getting easier .. it was difficult at times because of the pain .. ` the highlight for me was when the frame came off on november 19 .. and it makes it a lot easier to get dressed in the morning without callipers [ stints ] .. i can wear skinny jeans and i just wear regular shoes now.i can wear skinny jeans and i just wear regular shoes now .
some 1,500 migrants have been rescued by italian navy and coast guard ships in less than 24 hours , officials said sunday .. coast guard ships came to the aid of five boats in the southern mediterranean on saturday and managed to save all passengers .. the rescues were made as newly released figures show an increase of 43 per cent of migrant arrivals into the eu via italy on the same period last year .. rescued : migrants arrive in the port of lampedusa on a boat of the italian coastguard following a rescue operation off the coast of sicily. the 1,500 migrants were rescued on saturday by two coast. guard ships and one navy ship in five separate operations , the. coast guard said in a statement .. three of the migrants ' boats were in difficulty and sent. rescue requests via satellite phones while they were off the. as the coast guard came to the aid of the three boats in distress , they spotted two more trying to cross the sea .. the migrants were all transboarded onto the italian ships. and were being taken to either the island of lampedusa or ports. in sicily , the statement said .. saved : some 1,500 migrants trying to cross the mediterranean to italy in were rescued in one day. an italian coast guard rescuerholds a baby as migrants arrive in the port of lampedusa on saturday. about 170,000 migrants entered the european union through. italy last year by way of the dangerous sea crossing organised. by human traffickers , most departing from libya .. during the first two months of this year , arrivals were up. 43 per cent versus the same period of 2014 , officials have said .. the coast guard and navy intervened to save three large boats carrying migrants off the libyan coast after intercepting distress calls from satellite telephones , only to find two other migrants boats in difficulty nearby
a former commander of the metropolitan police 's elite flying squad has said the hatton garden gem heist could be linked to the huge underground fire which ripped through london last week .. the massive fire started last wednesday and took more than 24 hours to put out .. john o'connor , a highly experienced former police detective , has claimed the major power outage and the proximity of the multi-million burglary was far more than a coincidence .. a gang of criminals broke into the hatton garden safe deposit ltd over the easter bank holiday weekend. it came shortly after firefighters battled a major fire in holborn - just 500 metres from the raid site. speaking on lbc , mr o'connor said : ` yeah , i think that probably was deliberate .. ` i 've never heard of an outage of electricity like that causing a fire that lasted as long as that .. that seems to me as too much of a coincidence . '. he also said that in his opinion , to succeed with such a complicated and ambitious crime , the gang must have had some inside help .. he added : ` you 're gon na have to have a detailed layout of the whole of the business .. so clearly they got that from somebody on the inside . '. he later told sky news : ` you 've got a major strong room , there 's no sign of a forced entry , they 've apparently been able to abseil down the lift shaft to get access to the vault - i just find it astonishing that it was that easy .. ` the fact that there is no sign of forced entry , what does that mean ?. that someone left the door open ?. that someone left the windows open ?. former head of scotland yard 's flying squad , john o'connor , pictured , said the holborn fire and the raid could be linked. ` it smacks all the time of inside aid , all of the way through it .. this does n't look to me like a genuine sort of smash and grab raid by determined criminals , this looks like they 've had accomplices on the inside.you would n't go to attack a building like that unless you knew you could gain access . '. the london fire brigade said they do not believe that the blaze was caused deliberately .. fire experts said their initial assessment showed that the fire was caused by an electrical fault in the victorian tunnels running below ground , damaging an eight inch gas main which ruptured and fuelled the flames .. fresh details of the daring heist emerged yesterday as police forensic teams continued to sift through the rubble in the vault .. it is believed an alarm was triggered when the professional gang broke into the building in the heart of london 's jewellery district .. a security guard is understood to have made a cursory check of the property on good friday before leaving when he found nothing untoward .. police have refused to say whether officers were despatched to investigate around the same time .. the gang used a heavy-duty drill weighing 77lb to bore through a reinforced 7ft concrete wall to reach the vault .. when the raid was discovered on tuesday , police discovered cheaper jewels left strewn amid a large heap of rubble in the vault .. detective chief inspector paul johnson of the flying squad said : ` i 'd say it 's a sophisticated offence and clearly it would have taken some pre-planning .. it 's people who have planned it and they know how they were going to go about it .. ` i would imagine that the pool of people [ who could carry out the heist ] is quite limited . '. the fire started underground just several hundred yards from where the heist took place a few days later. the gang is thought to have hidden in an office before abseiling down a lift shaft and drilling into a vault. it has also emerged that celebrities and premier league footballers could be among the victims of the thieves .. a source told the daily mail : ` at least two of the jewellers have gems in the vault which have been bought by footballers and celebrities .. they are waiting nervously to find out if they are among the victims . '. mr johnson described how the gang gained access to one of the offices on the second floor of the building where they disabled the lift before climbing down .. once in the basement the thieves forced open the lift doors to get close to the vault .. they used a # 3,500 hilti dd350 drill , which is commonly used on large construction sites , to drill through the reinforced concrete wall to reach the vault .. joel vinsant , secretary of the drilling and sawing association , said that even with high-tech equipment , it may have taken hours for the thieves to drill through the concrete .. he said : ` what they might have done is to bore several holes with a rig-based drill until they had made a space big enough to get through , rather than boring one hole and breaking through .. it could have taken up to an hour per hole . '. detective chief inspector paul johnson of the flying squad , speaks to journalists outside hatton garden safe deposit ltd today following last weekend 's burglary in london. police yesterday revealed the thieves used a hilti dd 350 drill to get through the two-metre thick vault walls. during the raid the gang used an angle grinder and crowbars to force their way into 70 deposit boxes to steal the gems and cash inside .. they then made their escape before employees arriving for work on tuesday spotted the raid .. mr johnson added : ` the scene is chaotic .. the vault is covered in dust and debris and the floor is strewn with discarded safety deposit boxes and numerous power tools , including an angle grinder , concrete drills and crowbars .. ` there is no sign of forced entry to the outside of the building .. we are in the process of identifying the owners of the safety deposit boxes and contacting them to take statements and find out what has been stolen . '. he said his team had only just reached the vault because of the amount of debris at the scene .. mr johnson added : ` it 's got to be a slow , painstaking and methodical forensic process to get in there . '. experts fear the thieves may have already smuggled the jewels out of the country and are planning to cut up the larger gems to make it easier to sell them on the black market .. one jeweller who rents a deposit box said police have identified the owners of 30 boxes which had been broken into .. furious jewellery dealers today accused the manager of the safe deposit of ` gross negligence ' .. pictured : felix stephens ( left ) and gerald landon ( right )
model abbey clancy is helping to target breast cancer , by striking a sultry pose in a new charity campaign .. the winner of 2013 's strictly come dancing joins singer foxes , 25 , victoria 's secret angel lily donaldson , 28 , and model alice dellal , 27 , in the new series of pictures by photographer simon emmett for fashion targets breast cancer .. clancy , 29 , looks chic as she shows off her famous legs , wearing just a plain white shirt .. abbey clancy leads the glamour as she joins forces with her famous friends to target breast cancer , by striking a sultry pose in a new charity campaign. the model , who is mother to four-year-old daughter sophia with footballer husband peter crouch , said : ` as a mum , it makes me proud to be part of a campaign that funds vital work towards ensuring the next generation of young women do not have be afraid of a diagnosis of breast cancer .. ` i 'm wearing my support , and i want everyone across the uk to do the same and get behind this campaign . '. holding onto heaven singer foxes looks foxy in cropped stripy top and jeans .. abbey says she is proud to be part of a campaign that funds vital work towards ensuring the next generation of young women do not have be afraid of a diagnosis of breast cancer. victoria 's secret angel lily donaldson , who has been in the industry for years , also adds some glamour to the charity campaign. holding onto heaven singer foxes dons a stripy top and jeans for the campaign she says she 's ` honoured ' to be a part of. she said : ` i 'm so honoured to be taking part in this year 's fashion targets breast cancer , and becoming part of the campaign 's awesome heritage .. ` fashion is a huge part of my life , and if by taking part i can inspire women to wear their support , join the fight and take on breast cancer head on , then that will be something to be really proud of . '. now in its 19th year , the campaign has so far raised # 13.5 m for breakthrough breast cancer 's research funding .. this year the range of clothes and accessories have been produced in conjunction with high street partners m&s , river island , warehouse , topshop , laura ashley , debenhams , superga , baukjen and the cambridge satchel company .. they can be viewed online at www.fashiontargetsbreastcancer.org.uk/lookbook. the campaign , which also stars alice dellal , has so far raised # 13.5 m for breakthrough breast cancer 's research funding
if a picture is worth a thousand words , then jonathon keats figures a picture can also span a thousand years .. keats , a san francisco writer and self-described experimental philosopher and conceptual artist , has designed a ` millennium camera ' that he intends to mount in a churchless steeple on a college campus .. he hopes the resulting photograph will chronicle climate change by taking a 1,000-year exposure of a western massachusetts mountain range .. jonathan keats , an experimental philosopher , hopes to capture 1,000 years of changes at a mountain range in massachusetts with his ` millennium camera '. the camera , which is made of cooper and allows light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside , will create one image that keats says will display centuries of changes to the environment. if it seems far-fetched , consider that some of keats ' previous endeavors include selling tracts of real estate in the theoretical extra dimensions of space-time and opening a photosynthetic restaurant that serves gourmet sunlight to plants .. he has also been involved in choreographing honeybees ; copyrighting his own mind to give his ` intellectual property ' a 70-year post-life extension ; and , controversially , joining in a bid to genetically engineer god .. even at his quirkiest , keats notes he always has a serious message to deliver .. in the case of the millennium camera -- a cylindrical device small and light enough to hold in one hand but hopefully durable enough to survive the centuries -- it 's encouraging people to think beyond their own human lifespan to what geologists call deep time , the lengthy periods in which the world changes on a grand scale .. ` we need to find a way to think in deep time if we are to responsibly make use of the technologies we have , ' he says .. ` so the camera is intended , in a sense , as a mental prosthesis , as a way of creating some sort of a feedback loop in deep time , where setting up the camera now , looking out into the far future , allows for people who are alive in the far future to see the decisions we made through the effect that they had . '. the camera will be place on the stearns steeple , and the mead art museum at amherst plans on holding an exhibition to show the resulting photo in the 3015. keats hopes that the long-term photograph will make people think about time frames longer than their lives , such as the centuries that it takes for nature such as the holyoke mountain range ( pictured ) to transform. even keats ca n't say for sure .. nor is he certain humans will be around in 3015 .. nor , assuming they are , that someone will know to retrieve the camera and open it .. a thousand years is , after all , a long time .. in 1015 , the norman conquest of england was still more than 50 years away , the first crusade was more than 80 years away , and columbus would not reach the new world for another 477 years .. the camera , keats explains , is very simple , so simple that nothing mechanically should fail .. ` which of course is the wrong thing to say , because then it will , ' he quickly adds .. it begins as the old science fair standby , the pinhole camera , which allows light to enter through a tiny aperture .. but since pinhole cameras are n't designed to last a thousand years , keats made his of copper because of its resistance to corrosion .. the pinhole he pierced through a rugged 24-karat gold plate .. to capture the exposure , keats adapted a renaissance art technique by using rose madder , a sturdy , organic-based oil paint , applied directly to the copper in the back of the camera .. digital photography was impractical , and he ruled out using film because it would deteriorate too quickly and besides , there 's always the chance by 3015 that society will revert to another dark age , without photochemical processing skills .. ` all you have to do is open up the camera and you 'll see the image , ' keats says .. that image will be of the holyoke range , a modest but picturesque mountain chain that scientists believe has existed for 200 million years .. what a denizen of the 31st century would see is not a before-and-after image , not what today we might call time-lapse photography , but rather one picture depicting a millennium of change .. for example , if the now heavily forested area were to gradually turn to grasslands , the trees , keats predicts , will linger on the photograph as ghostly reminders of a prior period , set against the bolder outline of the more recent landscape .. ` so what you 're getting in a sense is ... a movie of the full period , of the full thousand years , but all compressed into a single frame , ' he says .. stearns steeple at bucolic amherst college , where keats studied philosophy in the 1990s , will serve as the camera 's tripod of sorts .. keats says that his ambitious project to make people think about ` deep time ' may be a failure .. above , he explains his project at amherst college. the philosopher and journalist hopes that citizens of the 31st century will look at his image taken from a camera on stearns steeple at amherst college. once part of stearns church , the gothic revival steeple was retained as a freestanding structure after the church was demolished in 1949 .. keats hopes such resiliency bodes well for its long-term survival .. the camera is currently on display steps away from the steeple at the school 's mead art museum , where it has generated a mix of interest and skepticism from visitors , according to the museum 's curator , vanja malloy .. ` it might seem silly , and people might say , ` what 's the point of a camera with an exposure you 'll never see in your lifetime , what 's the point of any of it ? ". ` but the fact that it is provocative in that way is what 's so powerful about it . '. later this spring , keats will ascend a harrowing set of wooden stairs inside the dusty steeple , position the camera and open its shutter , beginning what he believes will be history 's longest exposure .. he has n't sought a patent for the device , which he estimates costs about $ 100 in raw materials to build , saying he wants others to copy it and place their own millennium cameras strategically around the world .. ` i 'm well overstating the case for these cameras , ' he concedes . '. i realize ( it ) may seem like a supreme act of egotism .. it 's probably also an extreme act of naivety on my part .. but i think you just have to give it a try . '. he says it may take 10,000 years for humanity perfect the process of 1,000-year photos .. the philosopher set up a similar 1,000-year camera at the arizona state university art museum 's sculpture garden as part of an effort to capture how the next millennium change tempe , arizona .. the amherst museum and the arizona museum both plan to exhibit the photographs in 3015 .. he also gave 100-year cameras to some resident of berlin , germany , last year , he told big think .
he loves fast cars , big houses and flash clothes so floyd mayweather is n't one to hold back in the kitchen either , given that he pays up to $ 1,000 per plate when the food is cooked by chef q .. the boxer invited compatriot adrien broner for a feast at his mansion , as he continues his preparation for the $ 300million mega-fight against manny pacquiao .. broner , a three-time world champion , took to instagram to show off the food on show .. floyd mayweather is willing to splash the cash in the food department by paying over $ 1,000 per dish. chef q , also known as quiana jeffries , has helped the 38-year-old with his strict organic food diet. adrien broner posted this photo of the feast on offer as he labelled mayweather as his ` big bro '. chef q has been cooking for floyd mayweather since his fight for manny pacquaio was announced. bbq chicken was on offer as she cooked one of her famous southern dishes. cajun tilapia is a very spicy fish dish and another one of chef q 's specialities from the south. mayweather faces manny pacquiao at the mgm in las vegas in the biggest fight in boxing history. quiana jefferies , born in la but had a grandmother from louisiana who taught her how to cook southern dishes .. graduated from the culinary arts le cordon bleu in pasadena , was part of the reality show guy 's grocery games by restaurateur guy fieri and then cooked for celebrity life coach tony gaskins .. he said : ` came to big bro@floydmayweather house to get a great meal from @chefism '. chef q was also keen to show off her work and posted a video captioned : ` this is why i 'm called the #kitchenbeast no it 's not #thanksgiving but it feels like it @floydmayweather wanted all this so i gave it to him # 1000plate # 2000plate #addup #beinspired #bbqchicken #cajuntilapia #potatoes #mac #candyyams #redbeans and #rice #braisedcabbage #grilledbroccoli #checkmate #oprah #tmt . '. his personal cook was born in la but was taught to make southern delicacies - as seen in the video - and labels herself as the ` kitchen beast , ' who also cooks to tv legend oprah winfrey .. jeffries , is keen to show off her friendship and partnership with the undefeated fighter , with a series of instagram posts showing her followers all the dishes that she cooks for him .. potatoes and vegetables are also an important part of mayweather 's fight preparation diet. red beans and rice were cooked by the pan load as both boxers feasted on the expensive dishes. this steak dished was cooked by chef q and would have cost the boxer $ 1,000 per plate. fried turkey dogs are another specialty southern dish of chef q 's that mayweather loves to indulge on. ` holy molly is that #steak ... now you know why it 's a # 1000plate #checkmate #bars #aboutlastnight @floydmayweather #oprah #callme #beinspired , ' she added to one caption .. with the fight just eight days away , mayweather was obviously keen to get as much protein in his system as possible and was happy to pay thousands of dollars for the dishes .. the fight is at the welterweight limit of 66.7 kg , with the 38-year-old adopting an all-organic diet to be in the best shape of his life .. adrien broner and mayweather are known to be close friends with both training at the same gym. with the fight tickets selling out in under 60 seconds , it 's poised to be one of the most memorable and iconic clashes in the history of sport .. the mgm arena in las vegas is the chosen venue , where ` money ' knows if he wins , then he would have created a legacy like no other .. keen boxing fan , gordon ramsay is another chef who seems to be reaping the benefits of mayweather 's big appetite - with the prospect of a ringside seat available in exchange for a meal .. ` money ' told world boxing news : ' i can sort that out for him , not a problem .. if gordon wants ringside tickets , then gordon has ringside tickets .. ` all i want in return , after i win the fight , is to go a little way down the strip to his grill at caesars palace and have the best chef in the world cook me up chicken wings , a burger and cheesecake . '. english chef gordon ramsay has been offered ringside seats in exchange for cooking a post-match meal. disappointed by his decision to take his diet to the next level , las vegas-based restaurant fatburger created their very organic ` floyd burger ' to keep their favourite customer happy .. owner darin feinstein told tmz : ` the meat is from the sunfed ranch , highest quality beef .. the lettuce , tomato , onion , relish , even the special sauce is all organic . '. the boxer made headlines inside the establishment back in may 2014 , when he was involved in a huge brawl with rapper t.i. .. the filipino has been training hard with his coach freddie roach ahead of the $ 300million mega-fight. with his undefeated record on the line , mayweather appears to be taking this fight more seriously than others
scoring against your old team , and executing a perfect set-piece from the training ground are two of the most satisfying things in football .. for notts county star ellen white , thursday night was a night to remember as she managed both at the same time against arsenal in the women 's super league .. in the 26th minute , with county having been awarded a free kick on the edge of the box , laura bassett and alex greenwood appeared to mess things up , the former almost running into the latter .. laura bassett and alex greenwood almost run into each other , causing confusion at the free kick. ellen white spins on the edge of the box and fires the free kick into the corner against her former club. as the arsenal defence relaxed , the ball was shifted for white , who span and smashed it into the corner against the club where she spent three seasons .. ` thankfully it came off , ' white told bbc radio nottingham .. ` but now we can never do it again , which is a little annoying . '. ` we have been working on things a little bit differently in pre-season .. i 'm pleased it went in because i 've skied it over the bar and it has gone wide , but thankfully that one went in . '. however , white also missed a penalty which would have made it 2-0 , before arsenal hit back to equalise late on and rescue a point .. arsenal equalised five minutes from time when chioma ubogagu netted a debut goal to earn a point
lance armstrong has said the world anti-doping agency and others are ` owed an apology ' from him for cheating during his cycling career - but noted that the agency 's chief rebuffed efforts to meet back in 2013 .. david howman , director general of wada , said this week that he is disappointed armstrong had not apologised for costly and time-consuming lawsuits before the former cycling champion admitted using performance-enhancing drugs .. armstrong initially declined comment on howman 's remark , but on wednesday provided the ap with a may 2013 email exchange with howman , who initially indicted he could meet with armstrong , then backed off under advice from wada lawyers .. lance armstrong admits groups such as wada , usada and others are owed an apology for his offences. wada director general david howman said this week that he was disappointed armstrong had n't apologised '. i can talk at a suitable time and at a suitable place ... what do you suggest ? '. howman responded to armstrong 's first inquiry about a meeting .. a few days later , after armstrong recounted his upcoming schedule , howman broke off the discussion .. ` having reflected upon your request to meet with me , and having taken advice from our lawyers , it is apparent that it is a situation where little , if anything , can be gained from such a meeting , ' howman wrote armstrong .. howman did not immediately respond wednesday to requests for comment .. armstrong won the tour de france every year from 1999-2005 .. those titles were stripped after a massive report in 2012 by the us anti-doping agency detailed doping by armstrong and his us postal service teammates .. in the email , howman said he told armstrong 's attorneys months earlier they should meet with usada .. although the intent of the meeting request with howman is not relayed in emails , armstrong said wednesday he reached out to howman in hopes of discussing a potential ` truth and reconciliation ' effort to confront doping in cycling .. armstrong first declined comment on howman 's remark but then revealed his attempt to meet him in 2013. armstrong 's agreement to take part in a tour de france charity ride with former england footballer geoff thomas has caused controversy with some in cycling saying his presence at the event is disrespectful. a probe into the sport 's doping problems was later conducted by the cycling independent reform commission , which met twice with armstrong and issued its report in march .. part of the report detailed armstrong 's efforts to debunk a report by the french newspaper l'equipe that found his urine samples from the 1999 tour de france tested positive for epo , a hormone that helps endurance .. the uci hired dutch lawyer emile vrijman to investigate the findings and the probe produced a report that vrijman claimed exonerated armstrong and instead blamed wada and the testing lab .. amstrong holds up seven fingers , one for each of the tour de france titles that were later stripped from him ; and former uci president pat mcquaid at the 2012 press conference in geneva that delivered his fate. the report released last month detailed how armstrong 's lawyers were allowed to help write the report that criticized wada .. armstrong said he does n't know if he would have apologised to howman had they met in 2013 , but it would have been a chance to do it in person . '. i was in a different headspace , ' armstrong said .. ` there 's no doubt that a lot of people like them , like usada , are owed an apology . '. armstrong said there 's been no attempt to meet with howman since 2013 .
maate , it 's the biggest bogan in straya !. this is the image of the big bogan statue that the bogan shire council is aiming to erect in the town of nyngan to honour the aussie icon - and hopefully draw in the crowds .. the man behind it all is graeme burke who is the manager of engineering services for the council and this is his design for the statue .. this is how graeme burke envisages the ` big bogan ' statue will look like. pass us a smoke mate : the term ` bogan ' has a number of negative connotations for australians but has become a character part of popular folklore , being depicted here by actor eric bana. mr burke said the 3.6-metre statue would show a ` bloke ' wearing shorts , thongs and a singlet with a fishing rod and a tuckerbox .. locals and visitors would also be able to sit on it and take photographs .. ` graham mccleod of the anglican church suggestion to me some time ago that nyngan would benefit froma " big bogan " sculpture as a tourist attraction so i have been considering various designs for its construction , ' mr burke told daily mail australia .. ` although i do not like the way a ` bogan ' is depicted and i do not want nyngan to be thought of as being a town full of " bogans " , it is a term that is widely used and well known in australia and new zealand .. ` where better in australia could we have " the big bogan " than on the banks of the bogan river , in bogan shire ? '. bogan shire council , in western new south wales , wants to erect a ` big bogan ' statue. the ` big bogan ' statue could prove as popular as the big banana which is a tourist attraction in coffs harbour. mr burke 's proposal is for a 3.6 m tall steel figure cut out of 5mm steel plate .. the figure is wearing a singlet , has a handlebar moustache and is holding a fishing rod .. the esky in the original drawing would be constructed as a three dimensional steel box fixed to the sculpture to allow tourists to sit on to have their photo taken . '. i would like the sculpture to be related to nyngan on the bogan river , i have used the fishing theme and i would like to see it located on the eastern side of the peter sinclair bridge opposite the tritton mine village , ' mr bourke said .. ` in this location it would be on the highway , at the river , and visible from both directions . '. the traditional bogan image has include a ` mullett ' style haircut , singlet and thongs , and beer. could the ` big bogan ' rival this ?. nicknamed ` rambo ' , the big merino is a 15.2 metres tall concrete merino ram , located in goulburn , new south wales. the big prawn in ballina has become famous in the region. he estimated the construction and installation of the ` big bogan ' would be a total cost of $ 8,000 .. the ` big bogan ' statue could prove as popular as the big banana which is a tourist attraction in coffs harbour , the the big merino in goulburn , the big prawn in ballina and sunshine coast 's big pineapple .. however , bogan shire council said the venture would not go ahead until the community gave it the thumbs up .. abc news reports that local residents have expressed mixed feelings about it already .. in the sunshine coast , the big pineapple is a major feature. one said it was a great idea - but it could be improved .. ` one thing that 's missing is the stubby , ' he said .. another resident was less enthusiastic . '. i do not identify as a bogan - if you look up bogan , it 's very negative , ' she said .
a financial fund for killer cop michael slager was shut down by crowd-funding website , gofundme , on wednesday .. the site told daily mail online that ` after review by our team , the campaign set up for officer slager was removed due to a violation of gofundme 's terms & conditions ' but refused to elaborate due to privacy concerns .. slager has been charged with the murder of unarmed black father walter scott , 50 , who was fatally shot five times in the back in north charleston , south carolina on saturday .. slager , 33 , was terminated from the police force on wednesday .. a separate fundraising campaign was started on site , indiegogo , titled the ` michael t. slager support fund ' and featured a picture of slager in his police uniform .. as of thursday at 11am , it had raised $ 393 of a $ 5,000 goal on donations from 20 people after being set up on wednesday .. two hours later , that total had jumped to $ 541 .. an indiegogo page to raise money in support of police officer michael slager had $ 393 of a $ 5,000 goal on thursday - the company told daily mail online ` they do n't judge ' as long as content fits their terms of use. a well-wisher of the accused killer cop gave a private donation to the fundraising page on indiegogo and listed their name as ` trayvon ' - perhaps in a twisted reference to trayvon martin , an unarmed black teenager who was shot dead by a neighborhood watch volunteer in florida in 2012. officer michael slager is pictured standing over walter scott 's body and feeling for a pulse after he put the man 's fallen body in handcuffs .. according to police reports , officers performed cpr on the 50-year-old father - but the cop was not filmed giving any medical assistance. opening fire : michael slager , a police officer in charleston , south carolina , was caught on video shooting dead 50-year-old black man walter scott after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light on saturday. one of the individuals who donated listed their name as ` trayvon ' - perhaps a twisted reference to trayvon martin , an unarmed black teenager shot dead by a neighborhood watch volunteer in florida in 2012 .. an explanation of the fundraising campaign reads : ` we 're campaigning to show our support for officer michael t. slager !. ` we believe in all of our leos and want to publicly support them !. although he may have made mis-steps in judgement he was protecting the community .. ` michael is a former coast guardsman with two stepchildren and a wife who is expecting a child , served for more than five years with the department without being disciplined .. please help in any way you can . '. killing : walter scott , left , was killed by michael slager , right .. scott was a u.s. coast guard veteran .. police officer michael sagler , ( pictured right in his prison mugshot ) , who has been charged with his murder also was a member of the coast guard. a facebook page was set up to support the cop who has been charged with murder and terminated from the police force. the statement then repeated : ` he has served five years with the department without being disciplined . '. a separate facebook page and twitter account were set up linking to the fundraising site .. the social media accounts appear to have been established by the same person , who tweeted : ` we 're not here to judge wrong or right , there are two sides to every story .. let the courts decide after careful review . '. the social media pages attracted dozens of negative comments .. marquese lewis posted on the facebook page supporting slager : ` how about the real reason is you are an ignorant racist supporting a murderer . '. bruce a mcintyre added : ` if he can not afford a lawyer , the court will appoint a public defender for him .. surely he is fine with that , as that is all most of his arrestees ever get . '. in a statement to daily mail online , an indiegogo spokesperson said : ` indiegogo allows anyone , anywhere to fund ideas that matter to them and just like other open platforms -- such as facebook , youtube and twitter - we do n't judge the content of campaigns as long as they are in compliance with our terms of use . '. indiegogo 's list ` prohibited campaigns ' includes those ` to raise funds for illegal activities , to cause harm to people or property , or to scam others ' .. the rules state : ` campaign owners shall not make any false or misleading statements in connection with their campaigns . '. the crowd-funding ` community guidelines go further and explain the website is not a place for ` hatred , abuse , discrimination , disrespect , profanity , meanness , harassment , or spam ' .. it reads on : ` do not use to promote violence , degradation , subjugation , discrimination or hatred against individuals or groups based on race , ethnic origin , religion , disability , gender , age , veteran status , sexual orientation , or gender identity . '. a twitter account also supported michael slager after he fatally shot a father-of-four .. the social media accounts appear to have been established by the same person. on wednesday , north charleston mayor keith summey said that slager 's wife , who is eight months ' pregnant , will still receive health insurance from the city until after her baby was born because it was the ` humane thing to do ' .. last year , gofundme came under fire after allowing fundraising for darren wilson , a white cop in ferguson , missouri who shot and killed unarmed teenager michael brown .. in five days , people gave half a million-dollars to two fundraising pages for wilson .. the page has since been removed .. wilson resigned from the ferguson police force but was not charged with any crime after a grand jury hearing .
the world 's first robotic planet finder is hoped to help in the search for earth-like planets that might support life in other solar systems .. now scientists have proven its capabilities by using the telescope to find a unique a planetary system orbiting a nearby star 54 light-years away .. all three planets in the system orbit the star , hd 7924 , at a distance closer than mercury orbits the sun , completing their orbits in just 5 , 15 and 24 days .. the automated planet finder ( apf ) consists of a 2.4-metre automated telescope and enclosure , and a high-resolution spectrograph .. the spectrograph takes starlight from the telescope and spreads it into a rainbow of colours , splitting the light into a spectrum of thousands of different wavelengths that can be measured. the automated planet finder ( apf ) consists of a 2.4-metre automated telescope and enclosure , and a high-resolution spectrograph .. the spectrograph takes starlight from the telescope and spreads it into a rainbow of colours , splitting the light into a spectrum of thousands of different wavelengths that can be measured with great precision .. repeated measurement of a star 's spectrum enables astronomers to detect the tiny wobble induced in a star by the gravitational tug of an orbiting planet .. the telescope and spectrograph operate robotically every night and target a preprogrammed list of nearby stars .. apf observes them every night for months , in search of rocky planets with very low masses , similar to earth .. the ultimate goal of extrasolar planet research is to find planets like earth that may support life .. ` the three planets are unlike anything in our solar system , with masses 7-8 times the mass of earth and orbits that take them very close to their host star , ' explains uc berkeley graduate student lauren weiss .. while the planets are likely to be too hot to support life , their discovery reveals the powerful capabilities of the automated planet finder ( apf ) in california .. ` this level of automation is a game-changer in astronomy , ' said andrew howard , an astronomers uc berkeley .. ` it 's a bit like owning a driverless car that goes planet shopping . '. afp found the star system by tracing out the planets ' orbits over many years using the doppler technique to see shifts in the star 's light .. the planet system was also spotted by the keck observatory and the automatic photometric telescope ( apt ) at fairborn observatory in arizona .. but unlike other telescope , the new apf facility offers a way to speed up the planet search as it robotically searches for planets every clear night .. training computers to run the observatory all night , without human oversight , took years of effort by the university of california observatories staff team .. ` we initially used apf like a regular telescope , staying up all night searching star to star , ' said university of hawaii graduate student bj fulton .. ` but the idea of letting a computer take the graveyard shift was more appealing after months of little sleep . '. the kepler space telescope has discovered thousands of extrasolar planets and demonstrated that they are common in our milky way galaxy .. scientists have proven the apf 's capabilities by using the telescope to find a unique a planetary system orbiting a nearby star 54 light-years away .. all three planets in the system orbit the star , hd 7924 , at a distance closer than mercury orbits the sun , completing their orbits in just 5 , 15 and 24 days. afp found the star system by tracing out the planets ' orbits over many years using the doppler technique to see shifts in the star 's light .. the planet system was also spotted by the keck observatory and the automatic photometric telescope ( apt ) at fairborn observatory in arizona .. however , nearly all of these planets are far from our solar system .. most nearby stars have not been searched for the small ` super-earth ' planets that kepler found in great abundance .. this discovery shows the type of planetary system that astronomers expect to find around many nearby stars in the coming years .. ` starspots , like sunspots on the sun , can momentarily mimic the signatures of small planets .. ` repeated observations over many years allowed us to separate the starspot signals from the signatures of these new planets , ' explains evan sinukoff , a uh graduate student who contributed to the discovery .. the robotic observations of hd 7924 are the start of a systematic survey for super-earth planets orbiting nearby stars .. fulton will lead this two-year search with the apf as part of his research for his doctoral dissertation .. ` when the survey is complete we will have a census of small planets orbiting sun-like stars within approximately 100 light-years of earth , ' says fulton .. pictured is the keck observatory in hawaii and on the right , which also helped find the planets .. the robotic observations of hd 7924 are the start of a systematic survey for super-earth planets orbiting nearby stars
( cnn ) when hong kong police answered a call in the early hours of a saturday morning last november , they encountered a grisly scene and an alleged crime that shocked the city .. one woman was lying on the floor with cuts to her neck and buttocks .. another was stuffed inside a suitcase on the balcony .. a former banker , 29-year-old briton rurik jutting , was charged with two counts of murder .. on thursday , a court hearing that was to determine whether there was enough evidence to proceed to trial was adjourned until may .. here 's what we know so far about the victims and their alleged attacker .. jutting allegedly lived at the murder scene , an upmarket apartment in the middle of wan chai , an inner-city suburb that 's home to an eclectic mix of late-night bars , residential tower blocks and local markets selling groceries and assorted cheap goods .. in the early hours of saturday morning , november 1 , police say jutting called them to the apartment .. there they found a woman lying on the blood-splattered floor , later identified as 29-year-old seneng mujiasih .. during a search of the apartment , officers uncovered another body hidden in a suitcase on the balcony .. it 's alleged 25-year-old sumarti ningsih was killed on october 27 , five days before her body was found .. sumarti ningsih was from cilacap , in central java , and was the mother of a five-year-old girl .. in a statement , her cousin , jumiati , described her as " just an ordinary woman from indonesia " who , like many others , was " forced to work abroad to feed her poor family and make her dream comes ( sic ) true . ". " she wanted to work as professional so she can earn money and dignity for her family , " jumiati wrote .. " she is good girl and did not deserve this treatment . ". according to the asian migrant coordinating body , ningsih was visiting hong kong as a tourist and had been due to fly back to jakarta the day after her body was found .. last year , her grieving father , ahmad khaliman , told agence france-presse that his daughter had worked in hong kong as a domestic helper between 2011 and 2013 .. she 'd since returned on two occasions , khaliman said .. he said the family had been shocked by her murder , and called for the perpetrator to be executed .. " if not , i can not accept it .. he has already taken my daughter 's life , so he has to pay with his life , " he told cnn affiliate trans7 .. seneng mujiasih had more recently worked as a domestic worker in hong kong but had overstayed her visa , according to the asian migrant co-ordinating body .. also known as jesse lorena , mujiasih was from the city of muna in sulawesi province , in southeast indonesia .. other than that , few details are known about her life and why she stayed on in hong kong .. after news of their death spread , fellow domestic workers held a vigil in hong kong 's victoria park .. around 200 people gathered to sing and pray , and lay flowers besides photos of the two women .. the victims ' bodies were buried after being repatriated to indonesia in november .. before being taken into custody , rurik jutting lived in the upmarket j residence in wan chai .. he was detained at the scene , where police found the bodies of two women and seized a knife during a search of the premises .. it 's unclear when jutting left his job as a trader at the bank of america merrill lynch ; a boa spokesman would only confirm that a man of the same name had worked there in the past .. jutting 's profile on linkedin said he haad been employed at the bank 's structured equity finance and trading division in hong kong since july 2013 .. before that , he worked in the same unit in london for three years .. according to the profile , jutting previously worked in capital markets for the british bank barclays and studied history and law at the prestigious university of cambridge , between 2004 and 2008 .. as part of the trial process , tests were conducted to determined if jutting was psychologically fit to enter a plea .. the case was then adjourned to allow for more than 200 pieces of forensic and dna evidence to be analyzed .
a ` rainbow coalition ' made up of several different parties could cause chaos , nick clegg warned today .. the lib dem leader , who hopes to hold the balance of power after may 7 , said the idea of more than two parties forming a government is not ` going to work ' .. he said it would be a ` messy ' way to run the country , and risked instability with the future of the government put in peril with every late night vote .. lib dem leader nick clegg , who hopes to hold the balance of power after may 7 , said the idea of more than two parties forming a government is not ` going to work ' .. mr clegg told voters to go to the ballot box on may 7 expecting a hung parliament , with no one party able to secure an overall majority of mps in the commons .. however , he sought to make the case for only the lib dems working with labour or the conservatives , without having to rely on mps from other smaller parties .. recent polls have put the tories and labour almost neck and neck , with seat projections suggesting a two-party coalition might struggle to secure a majority .. a forecast from pollster yougov suggested the likely result on may 7 is a badly hung parliament .. it predicted the conservatives would end up on 297 seats , only slightly down on 2010 , labour 262 , the snp 35 , liberal democrats 30 , losing almost half of their mps , ukip four and the greens one .. a second conservative-lib dem coalition would only be able to command a commons majority of four , making it difficult to form a stable government .. experts have warned a badly hung parliament could send financial markets into a tailspin and the pound and shares crashing .. sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the us dollar in the past five weeks amid jitters about the outcome of the general election .. if neither major party is able to form a stable government , it could send the pound plummeting by a further ten per cent .. after the 2010 election , labour pm gordon brown tried to pull together a ` rainbow coalition ' of several smaller parties but it failed and the lib dems entered a power-sharing deal with the tories .. mr clegg today joined lib dem mp mark hunter as they met dan and joanne thompson with six week old son leo and amy mcgagh ( right ) with her six month old daughter sophie , during their visit to the millie 's trust charity in cheadle. today mr clegg said the idea would not have worked then and will not work this time as it would be made up of single issue parties ` puling this way and that ' .. but with opinion polls pointing overwhelmingly towards a hung parliament and significant losses for the lib dems , it may be the only way mr clegg can fulfil his goal of playing a role in the next government .. the liberal democrat leader told his weekly radio phone-in on lbc radio 97.3 : ` he ( mr brown ) was sort of very adamant that he thought that one could create a sort of rainbow coalition of lots and lots of different , a sort of smorgasbord of , different parties . '. i do remember saying , i just do n't think that 's going to work .. i still do n't think that 's going to work and that might be actually more of a relevant question after may 7 . '. i think this idea that you have a government with a whole array of single issue parties all pulling this way and that , i think it 's a recipe for insomnia as votes will be strung out night after night after night in the house of commons .. but it 's also a recipe for a messy way of governing the country . '. pollster yougov suggested the likely result on may 7 is a badly hung parliament .. it predicted the conservatives would end up on 297 seats , only slightly down on 2010 , labour 262 , the snp 35 , liberal democrats 30 , losing almost half of their mps , ukip four and the greens one. mr clegg said the presence of seven leaders in tonight 's election tv debate was an indication of the likelihood that no party would win an outright majority in 2015 .. but he insisted that having the lib dems around the cabinet table with either labour or the tories would keep the next government anchored in the centre ground and prevent ed miliband or david cameron ` lurching one way or another ' .. mr clegg said : ' a coalition was not on the ballot paper last time .. i think what 's different about this election - and it will loom large in tonight 's leaders ' debate - is , i think , increasingly people are acknowledging that no one is going to win outright this time either .. ` so in a sense what you need to choose ... is what party you prefer , but also - which i accept is complex - is which politicians , which parties , would you prefer working together after may 7 . '. he added : ` having liberal democrats around the table is a good thing , because we keep the government in the centre ground rather than allowing particularly the two larger parties to lurch one way or the other . '. pressed on whether he would prefer a deal with labour or the tories , mr clegg said his personal views were ` completely irrelevant ' .. he said : ' i do n't think that my whims or wishes or my feelings or my likes or dislikes about this or that other party leader ... they are literally completely irrelevant .. ` the only thing that is relevant is what are the cards that are dealt to us by millions of people doing this wonderful thing , putting a simple cross next to somebody 's name in a ballot box on may 7 .. they will tell us what combination is possible . '
top seed kei nishikori made a successful start to his barcelona open title defence with a straight sets victory over teymuraz gabashvili on tuesday .. japan 's nishikori emerged triumphant from the second-round encounter after seeing off his russian opponent 6-3 6-4 .. the other seeds to advance to the third round were both spaniards - seventh seed roberto bautista-agut with a 6-3 6-4 win over thomaz bellucci of brazil , and ninth seed tommy robredo , the 2004 champion who was a 6-3 6-2 victor against kazakhstan 's mikhail kukushkin .. top seed kei nishikori made a successful start to his barcelona open title defence with a straight sets victory. japan 's nishikori emerged triumphant from the second-round encounter after seeing off teymuraz gabashvili. nishikori celebrates after defeating gabashvili during day two of the barcelona open. eight-time champion rafael nadal 's first match of this year 's tournament will be a second-round clash with fellow spaniard nicolas almagro , whose first-round contest against paolo lorenzi came to a premature end when the italian retired after three games .. also in round one on tuesday , albert montanes set up a meeting with fellow home favourite david ferrer - the third seed - by beating lithuanian ricardas berankis 1-6 6-4 7-5 .. madrid-born 2010 champion fernando verdasco crashed out of the competition against andrey rublev. dominican victor estrella burgos defeated dominic thiem of austria 6-3 7-6 ( 7/3 ) to progress to a meeting with croatia 's fourth seed marin cilic .. another spaniard appearing in round two will be fifth seed feliciano lopez , taking on marsel ilhan following the turk 's 7-6 ( 7/2 ) 3-6 6-1 victory against great britain 's james ward .. but madrid-born 2010 champion fernando verdasco 's participation is over after he lost 7-6 ( 7/4 ) 6-3 to russian qualifier andrey rublev .
robin van persie and jonny evans both enjoyed gentle re-introductions into the game as manchester united 's under 21 side drew 1-1 at leicester , although rafael and adnan januzaj both limped off .. dutch forward van persie has been out of action since february with an ankle injury after leaving swansea on crutches .. but he was up and running again in the east midlands , helping set up united 's goal for sean goss although his overall performance was rusty to say the least and he was replaced just after the hour .. defender evans has been out for six games due to suspension following his spitting incident with papiss cisse at newcastle back in march .. manchester united goalscorer sean goss ( centre left ) is congratulated by james wilson ( left ) and robin van persie ( centre right ). goss levelled the scoreline in the 32nd minute by wriggling past leicester 's defence before scoring past the helpless adam smith. harry panayiotou put his side in the lead after 18 minutes after getting on the end of a cross by leicester playmaker anthony knockaert. leicester forward panayiotou runs off in celebration after finding a way past manchester united reserve goalkeeper joel castro pereira. manchester united right back rafael had to be taken off in the 44th minute after sustaining a rib injury during the reserve match. leicester city ( 4-5-1 ) : smith ; sesay , davis , moore chilwell ; knockaert , mccourt , barmby ( rowley 75 ) , hammond ( stankevicius 68 ) , dodoo ; panayiotou. subs not used : o'hara , fletcher. manchester united ( 4-5-1 ) : j pereira ; rafael ( grimshaw 44 ) , evans , blackett , kellett ; wilson , thorpe , love , goss , januzaj ( harrop 54 ) ; van persie ( weir 62 ). subs not used : miles , maddison , scott. and despite his frustrating absence , evans looked solid enough in a 90 minute appearance where he went close from a set piece before the break .. however he will feel he should have denied harry panayiotou the opener for leicester .. van persie and evans along with rafael and tyler blackett were all in the united side that lost 5-3 to leicester at the king power stadium back in september and keen to banish the memories of one of their lowest points of the season .. united could have taken an early lead with james wilson seeing a shot deflect wide from andy kellet 's cross .. however it was leicester who took the lead in the 19th minute , anthony knockaert 's tricks out wide enabled him to cross for panayiotou , the highly-rated st kitts and nevis international , who powered home .. it would be harsh to blame evans for the goal but panayiotou was his man and he will feel he should have done better .. in response united went close through januzaj who shot wide from distance while joel pereira had to do well to push leicester midfielder jak mccourt 's effort around the post .. the visitors started to press with adam smith 's save keeping out a wilson effort .. van persie , who was an unused sub at chelsea on saturday , had been virtually anonymous in the opening half an hour with few touches of the ball .. but he played his part in the leveller laying the ball off for sean goss who burst through the leicester defence and finished well on 32 minutes .. louis van gaal was hit by another injury when rafael was forced off just before the break with an apparent rib injury after an aerial collision with knockaert .. rafael looks in pain as leicester 's knockaert checks on the brazilian defender during the first half of the draw at the king power stadium. rafael had to be replaced by liam grimshaw shortly before the half-time interval despite managing to get back onto his feet. manchester united winger adnan januzaj was also taken off with an injury during the reserve encounter at leicester 's king power stadium. van persie finally got his opportunity in first half stoppage time but his effort from outside the area was well saved by smith .. and from the resulting januzaj corner , smith made an even better stop to push evans ' header over the bar .. rafael 's replacement liam grimshaw saw a shot deflect wide at the start of the second half before van persie 's next involvement was a lay-off that was intercepted by dean hammond in the area before it reached its intended target .. a frustrating evening of injuries for united continued when januzaj went off with what appeared to be a leg injury following another seemingly innocuous aerial collision with knockaert .. van persie was substituted on 62 minutes , going off to warm applause from all present at the king power stadium which had one side opened .. it may not have been the goalscoring return he wanted , and indeed he looked fairly quiet , but it was the game time under his belt that he needed as he looks to score the goals that would seal a champions league spot for van gaal 's side .. you would still suspect a start at everton on sunday would be far too early for van persie -- but maybe not for evans .. the northern ireland international still had work to do late in the game as he marshalled a defence that came up against knockaert , keen to force his way back into nigel pearson 's plans , who twice went close to finding the net .. a ball across the box from panayiotou also caused one or two alarms for the united back four but evans can generally be pleased with his evening 's work .. wilson could have won it for the visitors late in the game but dragged a left-footed effort wide under pressure from joe davis .. and he went in even closer deep into stoppage time as his effort was kept out by smith from kellet 's cross from the left .. januzaj awaits treatment from manchester united 's medical staff before going off injured during the under 21 encounter. manchester united first team striker van persie ( centre ) was named in a strong under 21 side as he aimed to work on his fitness. van persie , pictured before the under 21 clash at the king power stadium , was an unused substitute during united 's defeat by chelsea. manchester united forward van persie played 62 minutes before being replaced by reserve team midfielder james weir. manchester united defender tyler blackett , who came on for the last 10 minutes against chelsea , also made an appearance. tom thorpe captained united despite the presence of first team stars van persie , rafael , blackett , januzaj and jonny evans. manchester united centre back evans will be hoping to be involved against everton after serving a six-match ban for spitting. the manchester united ace and dutch international warms up ahead of the under 21 match against leicester city on monday night. leicester under 21 boss steve beaglehole watches on as his side face a strong manchester united side including van persie and januzaj
ronald koeman insists southampton 's goals have dried up due to their barclays premier league rivals giving them more respect .. saints have slipped out of the champions league places and into seventh following a run of three defeats in their last six games ahead of saturday 's home clash with hull .. koeman blames the slump on a lack of goals but rather than looking to his strikers for fault , he believes a change in approach from opponents has been the telling factor .. ronald koeman feels southampton have found it hard to score due to opponents respecting them more. southampton striker graziano pelle ( centre ) has struggled to reproduce his form from the start of the season. pelle ( left ) is tackled by john stones in southampton 's 1-0 defeat by everton at goodison park. ` it 's not in my opinion a problem about one player - just look at the last few games , ' koeman said .. ` even when we play away - for example last weekend against everton - teams do n't care about playing football at home , they defend .. that is different to the beginning of the season .. ` now opponents do n't care how they play against southampton , they 're happy to defend and they 're concerned about getting points .. at this point of the season , points are more important for them .. ` we are not always scoring lots of goals and that 's the difference .. we are not getting the space we had in the beginning .. ` it makes it more difficult because then there is not really a lot of space .. liverpool played with three centre-backs but with five defenders against southampton , and hull normally play with five defenders .. ` that means there is not a lot of space , so you have to play very well or you need a player who makes an individual action and scores a goal .. ` but those types of individual , high-quality players are not playing for southampton . '. koeman remains upbeat and is targeting european qualification with southampton this season. koeman believes southampton 's champions league dream is over , but still covets a place in the europa league .. ` you have to be realistic .. the difference to the top four is eight points and that is a lot .. the focus at the moment has to be about fifth , sixth and seventh position in the table , ' he sad .. ` we would like to play european football and fifth and sixth positions mean european football . '
lewis hamilton has told nico rosberg he will do his talking ` on the track ' as the two title contenders prepare to renew their rivalry in the desert .. the mercedes men left shanghai after the chinese grand prix arguing over the rights and wrongs of how they raced .. but hamilton , speaking ahead of sunday 's race in bahrain , adopted an air of cool disdain for any psychological battles .. ` it 's not really changed much , ' said the double world champion . '. i just do my talking on the track .. that 's how it 's been since i was eight years old . '. mercedes star lewis hamilton insists that he will do his talking ` on the track ' ahead of the race in bahrain. hamilton puts his arm around f1 boss bernie ecclestone ( left ) at the bahrain international circuit , sakhir. hamilton 's mercedes team-mate nico rosberg addresses the media ahead of the bahrain grand prix. rosberg , 17 points behind hamilton , seemed relaxed as he stuck to the line hamilton jeopardised the team 's one-two by slowing down to husband his tyres . '. i would say the same again because i felt the need to state the facts , ' said rosberg .. ` there was a need to discuss things after .. it 's in the past .. i 'm in bahrain now just to attack in the race .. that is the best answer i can give , on the track . '. hamilton in front of team-mate rosberg during sunday 's chinese grand prix in shanghai. rosberg and hamilton avoided eye contact after the latter took pole in chinese grand prix qualifying
` secret stuff ' : ivana chubbuck , 62 , is a part therapist and part acting coach , known as the ` celebrity whisperer '. she is known as the ` celebrity whisperer ' , a woman whose astonishing skill in honing hollywood talent made an icon out of a man who used to stand on street corners dressed as a chicken .. today , brad pitt is known the world over .. ivana chubbuck 's client list includes eva mendes , charlize theron , gerard butler , halle berry , sharon stone and many others .. so powerful are her methods , she reduced beyoncé knowles to tears within five minutes .. and within months , the singer was topping the charts with single ladies .. part therapist , part acting coach , and very hollywood , chubbuck , 62 , runs a hugely successful drama school in los angeles .. she hosts workshops around the globe , as well as in the wood-panelled library of her # 3 million home .. beyoncé went to chubbuck when she was about to play legendary soul singer etta james in the movie cadillac records and was looking to be taken seriously as an artist .. despite her professional success , beyoncé was also at what she termed ' a pivotal point ' in her life .. ` i 'm about empowering people , ' chubbuck told the mail on sunday in a rare interview -- one which goes much further into her methods , and her clients ' responses , than she usually allows .. ` beyoncé is a black girl from the south , that is her world .. like everyone else on the planet , she has issues .. but once she faced those issues and realised she could use them in a positive way in her art , she flourished . '. apparently it 's all about the ` secret stuff ' that chubbuck 's clients tell her .. certainly it is well known that beyoncé 's relationship with her domineering father has been fractured for years . '. i told her to open up , to really get in touch with her feelings and what was going on inside her , ' chubbuck said .. ` she started to feel her secret stuff and we start having a dialogue about it and she became emotional .. she tapped into that well of pain inside her .. ` she rang me up after we 'd worked together on the movie and said , ` listen to my new record -- it 's all the stuff you taught me . '. and that 's when she came out with single ladies and all the great female empowerment songs .. the little pop star turned into a global icon . '. when we meet at chubbuck 's home , model and actress eva mendes is just leaving after a three-hour ` intensive session ' for her new movie with ricky gervais called special correspondents .. clients : chubbuck works with some of the biggest names in show business including beyonce ( left ) and eva mendes ( right ). eva 's prada dress in pale orange. shop the designer at saks fifth avenue !. and we 've a feeling little esmeralda might be a little style icon in the making , just like her mum .. so what that in mind , it 's time to revisit one of our favourite eva mendes looks .. this woman can wear what she likes .. even in bold shades of orange she still manages to look flawless , which is why we 've decided to take some autumnal inspiration from this premiere perfect look .. she wore this orange prada dress back in march of 2013 , but we still ca n't quite get over it .. it 's floaty , feminine and gorgeous .. eva teamed this orange number with a lighter hue satin shoe , which added another texture and dimension to the look .. we would definitely suggest a strappy , metallic heel with this .. so , if you 're keen to update her look for the new season , check out our pick of the best colour-popping dresses ( below ) .. we 'll be donning mango 's layered mini dress with a leather biker jacket to see out the summer in style .. bec & bridge isis angle dress ( now on sale for $ 178 ! ). carven crêpe de chine dress at barneys. so what did that amount to ?. mendes said : ` ivana 's technique could be boiled down to : take the pain in your life and find the most effective way to accomplish a goal with it . '. in other words , your guess is as good as mine .. mendes continues : ` it helps you understand humanity -- what drives someone to do what they do , good or bad .. it 's not painful ... it 's cathartic . '. chubbuck first met brad pitt when he was working as a promoter for a fast-food restaurant dressed in a chicken suit , and tells a story of a young man so driven by a desire to succeed that he had no life aside from acting .. today , he is still a client and chubbuck worked on his most recent movie , fury .. she made an icon out of brad pitt , who when she met him was working as a promoter at a fast-food restaurant dressed in a chicken suit. ` brad always had a work ethic that put others to shame , ' chubbuck said .. ` he studied and worked .. i would pair him up with a partner and many of those partners would ask to be changed because brad wanted to rehearse a scene three , four , five hours a day .. he was dedicated to his craft .. he had no social life .. he had his stupid job and the rest of the time he was studying with me .. ` for the major talents , fame is never the driving force .. brad worked his butt off , he 's taken risks over the years and when he fails he gets back up and works harder .. he makes bold choices and is n't afraid to fail . '. so what is the secret ?. chubbuck says her technique is based on delving into your ` deepest , darkest past ' and then using those negative feelings to positively portray a character on screen .. some of this is outlined in a best-selling book the power of the actor ( gotham books ) which has been translated into 18 languages .. stars such as kate bosworth , camilla belle , elisabeth shue and mendes have given the tome glowing reviews .. mendes said : ` it is my bible -- i do n't leave home without it . '. chubbuck recently returned from a working trip to london and says the phenomenon of british actors dominating hollywood ( eddie redmayne , benedict cumberbatch , daniel craig ) is ` because brits have a great work ethic and are not afraid to take risks or make fun of themselves ' .. do her celebrity friends such as matthew perry , james franco and jake gyllenhaal ever expect star treatment ?. ` bottom line is they are with me to work , ' chubbuck says .. ` celebrity goes out the window .. i 'm about stripping them bare .. the one thing i have learned over the years is that all of us have the same needs and wants as human beings .. ` it does n't matter if you are in london or the philippines .. there 's a shared human story -- we all want love , we all have issues with our spouses or partners , with our parents .. the key thing is taking the bad stuff and not being a victim .. ` you have to use that stuff to empower yourself . '
the legal wife of lyle jeffs - brother of warren jeffs and current leader of the polygamous fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter-day saints - has officially filed for divorce from her husband in utah , citing rape and illegal practices within the mormon sect .. charlene wall jeffs , 58 , had 10 children with her husband and the two have been married for 31 years , but she claims the church has ` become even more disturbing than it was under warren ' .. lyle jeffs has multiple wives within the sect - nine , according to reports - but mrs jeffs is legally married to him and has been since 1983 .. she claims to have been excommunicated in september 2014 , and is now fighting to have her two youngest children , who still live with mr jeffs , returned to her .. leader : lyle jeffs stepped up to head the fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter-day saints when brother , warren jeffs , was sentenced to prison in 2007 .. his wife charlene jeffs has now filed for divorce. lyle jeffs is seen here leaving the federal courthouse in salt lake city in january 2015 with his other brother , nephi jeffs .. the brothers of polygamous sect leader warren jeffs refused to answer questions about suspected child labor violations on a utah pecan farm. ` disturbing ' : lyle jess ' legal wife , charlene jeffs , says the church has become worse under his control. ` under lyle 's reign as substitute prophet , the flds church as become even more disturbing than it was under warren , ' mrs jeffs says in a petition filed earlier this month and was obtained by the salt lake tribune .. ` of lyle 's multiple wives , i was never the favorite because i have a mind of my own .. ` lyle sent me away from the family to repent for the first time in november 2002 because " i did not know how to properly treat the priesthood in my life " . '. flds leaders are referred to as ` the priesthood ' .. mrs jeffs said she was only allowed to cook and clean during her expulsion and was not allowed to see her children .. ` in the flds church , children belong to the priesthood and can be transferred to different mothers or different parents all together upon an order from the priesthood , ' she said in the petition .. mrs jeffs was ` repenting ' for two years , but when she was allowed to return to her husband 's compound in hilldale , her children were not returned to her .. the children were split up among jeff 's ` spiritual wives ' .. previous reports claimed that charlene jeffs was the first of nine wives .. mrs jeffs said she was ordered to leave the compound on september 27 last year for being ` unrighteous ' .. she is now trying to get the two children - a 17-year-old boy and 14-year-old girl - to come and live with her .. compound : while the fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter-day saints has compounds all over the country , it is based in utah , and the jeffs live at a compound in hilldale ( picture ) .. mrs jeffs says she was forced to leave hillale last year for being ` unrighteous '. in the petition she says she is scared for her well-being and her children , who could be ` the jeffs family is the flds equivalent of the british royal family and they have their own flds " secret service " to protect them from the outside world , " mrs jeffs wrote in her petition .. she added that mr jeffs is n't aware she has no plans to return to the flds , and is scared of what he will do with the children when he finds out she speaking out against the church .. ` if lyle had any idea that i have gone " apostate " , he would make my children , ' she said in the petition .. however the most startling of the allegations in the documents spoke of rape , which mrs jeffs claims is common practice .. she said a doctrine was enforced in recent years that said women had to be impregnated not by their husbands , but a ` seed bearer ' - a group of men selected by the church .. the husbands were to hold their wives hands as the seed bearers had sex with the women .. ` in layman terms , the husband is required to sit in the room while the chosen seed bearer , or a couple of them , rape his wife or wives , ' mrs jeffs said in the petition , according to the tribune .. another practice , known as the ` law of sara ' , has flds women perform sex acts on each otther in preparation for a sexual encounter with a member of the priesthood .. mrs jeffs said she is worried her daughter will be subjected to such a practice .. polygamist : fdls leader warren jeffs was sentenced to life in prison for child sex abuse .. he is pictured here during his trial in 2007. warren jeffs , 59 , was convicted in utah in 2007 of two counts of first-degree felony rape for his role in the 2001 wedding of a 14-year-old girl to her 19-year-old cousin .. the convictions were reversed on the basis of erroneous jury instructions .. separately , jeffs received a life sentence plus 20 years in texas for sexually assaulting two girls he claimed were his ` spiritual wives ' .. he is said to still head the polygamous sect from prison .. however the leaders in practice are believed to be lyle jeffs and some other bishops , even though the church have never announced the appointments .
cleared : andrew anderson , 43 , pictured outside manchester magistrates ' court , was claimed to have forced a social worker to the floor , injuring her wrist. a father-of-three has been cleared of assaulting a social worker following a black friday bundle at tesco over a 32in tv - after a judge said the chaotic scenes made it hard to blame anyone .. andrew anderson , 43 , was accused of forcing social worker julie mcgoldrick to the floor , injuring her wrist , as they battled over the unit which had been reduced from # 199 to # 99 as part of the frenzied midnight sales event .. the self-employed gardener ` strategised ' his shopping and grabbed a tv near the bottom of a pallet in manchester , only for mrs mcgoldrick , 53 , to grab the same one at the same time - and suffer injuries that saw her end up in hospital .. however , a judge at manchester magistrates ' court has now cleared him of any wrongdoing , saying it was not certain that mr anderson ` went on not caring whether she was hurt or not ' .. the court was told how mrs mcgoldrick slipped her hand behind the tv box 's security cable in an effort to hang on because she could not hold it normally due to her injured thumbs .. but seconds later she ended up on the floor and in serious pain as tesco workers grabbed mr anderson and pulled him while he was holding the tv - taking the trapped woman with them .. cctv footage was shown at court where a judge called the incident ` extraordinary ' and said ` excitement and tension ' had built up before the reduced blaupunkt tvs were unveiled .. the video showed dozens of shoppers piling into tesco to get their hands on discounted goods as part of the annual us tradition of black friday , which has received a controversial reception since being brought to britain in 2008 .. arriving at the store just ten minutes before the 12am opening time on november 28 last year , mr anderson , of middleton , manchester , managed to get to the front of the queuing throng - beating some shoppers who had waited for up to four hours .. black plastic sheets covering a pallet of cheap tvs were still in place at 12.15 am at the store in burnage , manchester , which led to shoppers becoming ` frustrated ' and ` upset ' , the court heard .. fracas : mr anderson ( wearing the grey hat , circled ) ` strategised ' his shopping and grabbed a tv near the bottom of a pallet , only for julie mcgoldrick ( in the light blue jacket ) to grab the same one at the same time. when the sheets were eventually lifted , cameras captured the ` free-for-all ' , with customers pushing and shoving to get the best chance of grabbing their discounted sets .. mrs mcgoldrick had attended the tesco with her 30-year-old daughter marie to try to grab a bargain tv for her , while mr anderson had arrived with his mother , girlfriend and young child .. after the incident , police were called and arrested mr anderson , while mrs mcgoldrick was taken to hospital where it was feared she had broken her wrist .. she was released the next day with bruising .. cctv footage of the moment mrs mcgoldrick fell to the floor was played repeatedly in court as it was argued tesco employees can be seen pulling mr anderson which ultimately lead to her injury .. mrs mcgoldrick described the five minutes before midnight as ` chaotic ' .. she said : ` i put my hands out and around a box .. i do n't have use of my two thumbs .. ` so i put my hand through the wire and grabbed it with my forefingers .. i was holding the box and then people were coming forward to get other boxes around me .. video : cctv footage of the moment mrs mcgoldrick ( in light blue jacket ) fell to the floor was played as it was argued tesco employees can be seen pulling mr anderson ( in grey hat ) which ultimately lead to her injury. ` the box was grabbed quite violently and i fell back .. then as i looked up i saw the same gentleman who is here today .. he could have had the tv but i could n't let go because my arm was in the wiring .. ` i was saying " let go , i ca n't let go of the tv , can you please let go ? ". i was trying to pull the cord to release my arm .. once my arm was released i felt sick and shaken .. ` somebody had gone to get frozen peas but an ambulance had already been called . '. mr anderson told the court that he had gone to another nearby tesco earlier in the evening but had moved on because it looked like they only had coffee machines on the pallet .. he added : ` i had to strategise .. i thought they would all go for the tvs at the top so i went for the bottom and picked the tv . '. he faced a day-long trial but was cleared of common assault .. after the hearing mr anderson said : ` i knew it was going to be a tussle .. i 'm not sure why a middle-aged woman was there anyway .. in attendance : mrs mcgoldrick had attended the tesco store in burnage , manchester , with her daughter marie to try to grab a bargain tv for her , while mr anderson had arrived with his mother , girlfriend and young child. ` when you go to something like that you know what you are in for .. i 'm sorry the lady 's hand got caught .. there was nothing i could do .. everyone wanted to get a tv .. timed to follow thanksgiving , black friday was an all-american tradition marking the beginning of the christmas shopping rush .. us stores have made the day a huge event , promising big short-term discounts to create excitement and queues outside shops .. but it has been marred in recent years by aggression among shoppers .. in 2013 , an 11-year-old girl was taken to hospital after being trampled by a crowd in new boston , ohio .. in 2008 , a walmart worker died after being crushed by frenzied customers at a long island store .. it is thought black friday , first brought to the uk seven years ago by online retailer amazon , was so named as it is the day stores go ` into the black ' financially .. last november police chiefs appealed for calm after sales-crazed shoppers sparked a wave of disorder and violence .. bargain hunters were accused of behaving like animals as they grappled over coffee machines , hair-dryers and computers .. ` there was no-one going out to injure people .. i do n't know why she put her hand in the security tag .. i did n't even get my tv in the end .. i even missed out on the sainsbury 's sale at 6am because the police held me until the afternoon .. ` everyone was there looking for a bargain and that 's all it was .. i thought i would get a tv quickly without people realising and she has seen me come up with a tv and thought " i will have that one " .. there was nothing i could do .. i 'm just a bargain hunter . '. he added : ` after that i did n't even go to the january sales .. i 'm going to stop going to sales .. i would rather pay full price because it 's not worth it if this is what ends up happening . '. clearing mr anderson of wrongdoing , district judge anthony carr said : ` mrs mcgoldrick tried to get one or two tvs disappearing before her eyes , and did get her hand on a box - and unfortunately got her hand through the wires , because she thought that was the best way to hold on to it .. ` mr anderson is taken to one side and mrs mcgoldrick is taken to one side with him because she is attached to the box .. i have to be satisfied that he went on not caring whether she was hurt or not - and i ca n't be . '. no tesco staff directly involved in the melee were called to give evidence .. after black friday last year , police were called to eight tesco stores in greater manchester and three men were arrested .. at the time , greater manchester police 's chief constable sir peter fahy said the incidents were ` totally predictable ' , and criticised supermarkets over their security arrangements .
advertising entrepreneur john singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house on the central coast of new south wales .. situated beside the killcare surf life saving club , the luxurious five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the pacific ocean .. singleton bought 80 beach drive for a suburb record of $ 4.25 million in late 2007 , and the agents expect bidding for the may 9 auction to will kick off at $ 3.5 million , reports property observer .. the entrance to 80 beach drive , advertising entrepreneur john singletons breathtaking beach house. the property offers wide open plan living areas leading onto an undercover front balcony. singleton bought the five bedroom residence for a suburb record of $ 4.25 million in late 2007. designed by esteemed architect karen burke and master-built by matt blair , the exquisite design captures the essence of the quintessential australian beachside holiday home .. the skillion roof-lines and extensive glazing frame the dramatic sandstone cliffs of the adjoining national park .. the master suite offers a study , dressing room , bathroom and private deck , overlooking a small waterfall and landscaped bushland .. the lower level offers two more king sized bedrooms as well as a teenager 's retreat with four bunk beds and a separately contained living area or media room .. the master suite offers a bathroom and private deck overlooking a small waterfall and landscaped bushland. the skillion roof-lines and extensive glazing frame the dramatic sandstone cliffs of the adjoining national park. the exquisite design captures the essence of the quintessential australian beachside holiday home. a one-bedroom cabin fit with a bathroom , kitchenette , living area and sandstone courtyard. set apart from the main residence is an additional one-bedroom cabin with bathroom , kitchenette , living area and sandstone courtyard .. the property has been managed as a luxury holiday house by the bells boutique hotel group since mr singleton choosing to stay at his new south wales central coast mt white stud farm .. the property still holds a suburb record of $ 4.25 from 2007 , with the highest sale since then being $ 2.7 million .. the property has been managed as a luxury holiday house by the bells boutique hotel group since mr singleton choosing to stay at his farm , also on the central coast. the five king sized bedrooms offer views of the beach and the neighbouring national park. the property still holds a suburb record of $ 4.25 from 2007 , with the highest sale since then being $ 2.7 million .
football association chairman greg dyke has been handed the backing of five former england managers as he bids to push through radical changes .. dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12 , however he is facing opposition from the premier league .. the proposals also include changing the rules so that ` home-grown ' means having trained in england for three years before the age of 18 rather than before 21 .. fa chairman greg dyke ( left ) , speaking with premier league chief richard scudamore , wants to increase the number of homegrown players at top flight clubs. graham taylor , glenn hoddle , kevin keegan , sven-goran eriksson and steve mcclaren have signed a letter addressed to dyke , the daily telegraph reports .. according to the newspaper , the five former three lions bosses warn the english game will suffer if it blocks the proposals from dyke and the fa 's england commission .. ` we urge everyone in the english game to get behind them as quickly as possible , ' the letter reportedly says .. it adds : ` failure to do so risks england falling further behind the leading football nations and will only make it harder to end the long wait to win the world cup . '. former england managers ( clockwise ) glenn hoddle , kevin keegan , steve mcclaren and sven-goran eriksson have backed dyke 's call. only 81 of the 220 premier league starters in the last round of matches were eligible for england selection - a fairly pitiful 36.8 per cent .. the managers add : ` there are many reasons why england has failed to win any major honours since 1966 and each of us bears a portion of that responsibility .. ` however , as the england commission 's evidence has demonstrated , the pool of english talent playing at the very top level is shrinking and it 's an undeniable fact that this is a clear disadvantage for any england manager . '. the rise of harry kane ( centre ) proves that england can bring through talented youngsters. a draw for england in italy on tuesday was a respectable result , and roy hodgson 's team have encountered no trouble in their euro 2016 qualifying group to date , winning all five of their matches .. there are signs of encouragement with the emergence of a new generation of young players , the former england bosses reason .. ` with promising players such as ( ross ) barkley , ( raheem ) sterling and ( harry ) kane starting to break through , it is clear we can still produce top young talent , ' they write .. ` the one thing they are not being offered is the most important of all : opportunity . '
michael phelps made a winning return to competitive racing as the 18-time olympic gold-medallist claimed 100 metres butterfly victory at the arena pro swim series in arizona .. phelps , back in action after a six-month suspension imposed by usa swimming following his drink driving conviction last september , won the race in mesa with a time of 52.38 seconds , edging out ryan lochte .. ` it 's my first time to race since pan pacs ( the 2014 pan pacific championships ) , and being back in the water racing is something that i love , ' said phelps , quoted on usaswimming.org .. michael phelps claimed 100 metres butterfly victory at the arena pro swim series following six-month ban. the 18-time olympic gold-medallist was suspended by usa swimming for failing a drink-driving test '. i really enjoy it , and it feels good to be back . '. phelps , the most decorated olympian in history , will miss this summer 's world championships in kazan , russia , following discussions with usa swimming .. however , the 29-year-old maryland native revealed earlier this week that he intends to compete at the 2016 olympics in rio de janeiro .. phelps made a splash again as he returned to the swimming pool to claim a win in arizona. 29-year-old phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth olympics next year in rio de janeiro
manchester united have begun the search for michael carrick 's long-term replacement , with ilkay gundogan a prime contender to fill the role .. manager louis van gaal has been hugely impressed with carrick 's contribution at old trafford this season .. the england international 's passing range and ability to dictate the pace of a match has been a key feature for united .. michael carrick ( left ) has been instrumental in manchester united 's recent run of good form. united boss louis van gaal has been impressed with carrick 's contribution to the team. van gaal has identified borussia dortmund 's ilkay gundogan as a long-term successor to carrick. honours : champions league ( 2008 ) , premier league ( 2007 , 2008 , 2009 , 2011 , 2013 ) , league cup ( 2010 ) , club world cup ( 2008 ). honours : bundesliga ( 2012 ) , german cup ( 2012 ) , german supercup ( 2013 ). but at the age of 33 , the dutchman knows the midfielder is in the twilight of his career , while the amount of time carrick has been injured this season is also a worry .. united will seek to sign carrick 's successor this summer as part of another huge spending frenzy .. dortmund 's ball-playing midfielder gundogan has been watched extensively by united .. van gaal has an intrinsic knowledge of the bundesliga and believes the 24-year-old has the ability to take over from carrick on a long-term basis .. carrick , who recently signed a new 12-month extension , will continue to be part of van gaal 's plans next season - but the club are planning for life without him .. the impending departure of manager jurgen klopp could see the excellent dortmund squad unravel this summer .. gundogan ( right ) has been watched extensively by united , who could make a move in the summer. dortmund could listen to offers to avoid losing gundogan on a free transfer in 2016. jurgen klopp 's impending departure from dortmund could see a host of players leave the club. gundogan 's existing contract expires at the end of next season and he is yet to sign a new deal .. dortmund are keen to tie the germany international to an extension , but will listen to offers for him in the summer to avoid losing him for nothing in 2016 if he continues to stall on fresh terms .
two young muslims have put a 14-year-old pakistani boy in hospital with burns to 55 percent of his body after they set him on fire because he is a christian .. the teenager from lahore in punjab province pakistan , who has been identified only as nuaman , had just left a local shop when he was beaten and burnt with kerosene .. the boy , who is now being treated at mayo hospital in lahore , described how he was approached by the two muslim youths as they left friday prayers at their local mosque .. the teenager from lahore in punjab province pakistan , who has been identified only as nuaman , is recovering in hospital from burns to 55 percent of his body. they asked him what his religion was and then , when he replied he was a christian , they started beating him .. nuaman tired to escaped but as he fled the two other boys poured kerosene on him and set him on fire .. he said he ran -- still on fire -- until he reached a mound of sand which he rolled around in .. nuaman said some members of his local community helped him put out his burning clothes by pouring more sand on top of him , breitbart news network reported .. the 14-year-old , who lives with his uncle , has said he did not know who had attacked him but said he would be able to identify the assailants if he saw them again .. three weeks ago in pakistan , in the country 's sheikhupura district , a 17-year-old christian narrowly escaped with his life following a similar religiously motivated attack .. sunny masih was seized by a muslim mob , beaten and thrown in a flaming kiln .. he also suffered severe and extensive burns in the incident .. nuaman is now receiving treatment for his injuries in lahore 's mayo hospital , one of the largest in the region. there are fears that both assaults were acts of retaliation motivated by a christian attack on two members of the pakistani taliban , believed to be behind bomb attacks on two churches in lahore in march .. the militant grop detonated two bombs outside churches in the city , killing 17 and wounding a further 80 .. in the aftermath of the attacks christians in lahore took to the streets demanding government protection .. christian vigilantes lynch church bombing suspects after the attack in lahore killed 15 worshippers and leaves almost 80 wounded. muslim hostilities appear to be on the upswing in pakistan in the wake of the recent disturbances .. chritians make up only 2 percent of pakistan 's 182 million people .. they have been targets of increasing violence in recent years .. in 2013 , 80 people were killed and more than 100 others wounded after twin suicide attacks were carried out at the all saint 's church in peshawar , in what is believed to be the deadliest attack on the country 's christians .. lahore 's christians took to the streets in the wake of the attacks but their actions were met by an upswing of religious violence in the area
as a young girl , chelsea clinton learned to keep secrets .. but she also learned to call the secret service ` pigs . '. that 's a claim from former white house florist ronn payne , retold in a new book based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion 's domestic staff .. as he walked into the second-floor kitchen one day , he saw chelsea talking on the phone .. a member of her secret service protective detail came in behind him to take the clintons ' only child to school .. ` oh , i 've got to go .. the pigs are here , ' she told her phone pal , according to payne -- using a 1960s-era epithet for law enforcement .. ` faced with an angry agent who reminded her in no uncertain terms that it was his job to protect her , chelsea replied : ` well , that 's what my mother and father call you . '. ` pigs ' : chelsea clinton ( right , in 1995 ) allegedly referred to the secret service with an offensive counter-culture epithet , and said she learned it from her parents. shame : chelsea ( center ) accompanied her parents and their dog to the marine one chopper in 1998 , just a day after the president admitted to marital infidelities. chelsea now shares leadership of the bill , hillary and chelsea clinton foundation , which would n't respond to questions about the ` pigs ' episode. while the political world was focused tuesday on republican rand paul 's presidential coming-out party , politico published an excerpt of ` the residence : inside the private world of the white house . '. the book that could prove problematic for democratic front-runner hillary clinton , the former first lady , senator and secretary of state .. the bill , hillary and chelsea clinton foundation did not respond to a request for comment about whether payne 's recollection is accurate .. chelsea now runs the family philanthropy along with her parents .. but that snippet from america 's hidden history is just the tip of the iceberg .. skip allen , a clinton-era white house ` usher ' -- a high-ranking butler -- said in the book that bill and hillary were ` about the most paranoid people i 'd ever seen in my life . '. ` pitched battles ' : hillary ( left , with the former president in august ) , once threw a ` heavy ' object -- believed by staff to have been a table lamp -- across the room , kate andersen brower writes in her new book ( right ). allen , who served under multiple presidents , told author kate anderson brower that he preferred to work for first families he genuinely liked , rather than pretending he had warm feeligns for his employers .. ` but we pretend very well , ' he added .. another usher , chris emery , found himself uncerimoniously fired for helping former first lady barbara bush with technical computer questions .. he had taught her how to use a pc during president george h. w. bush 's one term in office .. when the clintons saw a log of his calls , they feared he was leaking their secrets to the bush clan -- something he insists he never did . '. i was out of work for a year , ' emery says in the book .. ` they ripped the rug right out from under me .. you wonder what they 'd do to someone who 's really powerful . '. at the height of the sex scandal that saw bill clinton admitting he frolicked with intern monica lewinsky in the oval office , one white house maid was astonished to find the first couple 's marital bed drenched in blood , according to brower .. explaining an injury , the president claimed publicly that he had ` hurt himself running into the bathroom door in the middle of the night . '. but one white house domestic told brower that ` we 're pretty sure ' hillary ` clocked him with a book . '. disputes : white house domestic employees said they heard hillary ` clock him with a book ' during the monica lewinsky scandal. ` there were at least 20 books on the bedside table for his betrayed wife to choose from , " she writes , ` including the bible . '. for at least three months in 1998 , according to ` the residence , ' the leader of the free world ` slept on a sofa in a private study attached to their bedroom . '. ` most of the women on the residence staff thought he got what he deserved . '. and brower ; s research surfaced white house residence staffers who described how the first couple sometimes got into ` pitched battles ' during their eight years in washington , ` shocking staff with their vicious cursing . '. payne once came upon two butlers listening to a particularly aggressive dispute through a doorway .. he heard mrs clinton yell : ` g * ddamn b * stard , ' he told brower .. hillary subsequently threw a ` heavy ' object at him , in brower 's telling .. ` the first lady 's temper was notoriously short ' during the early months of the scandal , according to the book .. when butler james hall was serving tea and coffee during a reception for a foreign leader and another employee forgot to clear the china , she snapped. ` you must have been staring into space ! '. he recalled mrs. clinton saying . '. i had to take the prime minister 's wife 's cup .. ... she was finished and looking for some place to put it . '. affair : former white house staff revealed their secrets about daily life inside the presidential mansion , including how they knew bill clinton and intern monica lewinsky ( seen together ) were sexually involved. happy birthday , mr. president : when jackie kennedy was away , a white house worker stumbled across her husband , john f. kennedy ( pictured , right , speaking to marilyn monroe in 1962 ) , swimming naked in the pool with other women. hall sais he was n't asked back to perform his duties for a month .. other presidents figure in brower 's book , including john f. kennedy .. when then-first lady jackie kennedy was away at the couple 's farm in virginia , a white house worker apparently stumbled across her husband swimming naked in the mansion 's pool .. and jfk was not alone : he was apparently joined by several female white house secretaries .. naked women were also sighted on the second floor of the building when mrs. kennedy was away .. other revelations in the book include jimmy carter 's sons ' passion for bongs -- their rooms were constantly filled with smoke -- and their father 's ` uncontrollable sobbing ' after losing the election .. and white house domestic employees told brower how lyndon johnson adored washing in a specially-built , powerful shower , while nancy reagan rejected white house chefs ' meals and gave them seemingly impossible deadlines .
liverpool starlet joao teixeira has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a broken leg during his loan spell at brighton .. the 22-year-old , who has been in impressive form since sealing a move to the south coast in august , sustained the injury during brighton 's goalless draw with huddersfield on tuesday night .. teixeira was taken to the royal sussex county hospital in brighton after he was carried off on a stretcher in the 80th minute during the championship encounter .. liverpool youngster joao teixeira broke his leg while playing in brighton 's goalless draw with huddersfield. portuguese starlet teixeira was carried off on a stretcher during tuesday night 's clash at the amex stadium. brighton manager chris hughton has said it ` is a real blow ' to lose teixeira for his side 's final three games of the season .. hughton , speaking to brighton 's official website , said : ` our thoughts are with joao - as this is a real blow to him after such a good season for the club - and we all wish him a speedy recovery and return to action .. ` he 's been an important player for the club this season , both before and after i came to the club , and i would like to thank him for his efforts during his time on loan here , and also liverpool for allowing him to come . '. portuguese starlet teixeira scored six goals for brighton during his time at the amex stadium .
kyle naughton has been ruled out for the rest of the season after david meyler 's red card challenge on saturday .. the hull midfielder was shown a straight red for the hefty challenge that left naughton in hospital at the weekend , though neither garry monk nor steve bruce condemned meyler at the time .. a scan on monday revealed naughton suffered ligament damage and the right-back will face a six-week lay-off .. david meyler ( left ) lunges in high on kyle naughton and was sent off the poor challenge on saturday. the full back writhes in pain following the incident and faces a six-week lay off with ankle ligament damage. a club statement said : ` an initial scan on saturday ruled out a fracture , but a follow up scan last night confirmed ligament damage that will keep the january signing from spurs out for around six weeks .. ` with just seven league games left , it 's a blow for naughton and the swans with the right-back continuing to impress with every appearance . '. angel rangel will return to the side to face everton on saturday .. rangel said : ` it 's not good because kyle has an injury and i do n't wish bad on anyone , but from my point of view i always try and be ready so if the manager needs me i 'll try my best . '. naughton will miss the rest of the season and had to helped off the pitch by the swansea team physios. meyler looks shocked as referee andre marriner shows him a straight red , a decision that was justified
crawling commando-style underneath an open-sided land rover , i came virtually nose to nose with a 4,500 lb horned rhino .. i tried to slow my breathing as she looked straight at me .. i needed to be calm to take my shot .. there were three other rhinos with her and , let 's be honest , they 're not called a crash of rhino for nothing .. i raised my camera and began to photograph what could soon become an extinct pachyderm .. the luxurious ulusaba game reserve is in south africa 's sabi sands and is sir richard branson 's private reserve. thankfully the female found my scrawny presence of absolutely no consequence , and instead wandered off in search of tastier herbivorous options .. i was with my mate james and we laughed awkwardly as we climbed back into the vehicle .. my mum -- sky tv presenter kay burley -- was sitting statue-still on board , having adopted her best nonchalant expression , but she was n't fooling either of us .. the holiday at ulusaba , sir richard branson 's private game reserve in south africa 's sabi sands , was my reward for graduating .. i have been on safari before but this was different .. i 'm an amateur car photographer and wanted to swap taking photos of ferraris and focus instead on the roar of a bush lion , the yawn of a hippo , the prowl of a glorious leopard or a close-up of a fearless rhino .. we achieved all of them .. kutner came face to face with three rhinos , along with documenting the roar of a bush lion , the yawn of a hippo and the prowl of a glorious leopard. just the day before , we had tracked the crash of rhino on foot .. with 1,000 rhinos killed by poachers in south africa last year alone , they are increasingly difficult to view .. danny , our brilliant tracker , who could find a spelling mistake in a dictionary , had eventually located them , but with dusk fast approaching we reluctantly headed back to the land rover .. the african bush is not a place to be on foot in the dark .. we 'd spent the earlier part of the day up close and personal with a pride of lions .. our ranger , trevor , steered the land rover as close as he dared without disturbing the big cats .. the lioness , who could have taken any one of us out with a casual swipe of her front paw , looked in our direction , checked her cubs and allowed us to stay .. trevor , also a photographer , whispered advice on appropriate settings for my nikon d600 to achieve the best results .. heading back to the luxury accommodation at cliff lodge , a two-bedroom apartment within rock lodge ( mum described it as glamping but with solid walls , luxury furnishings , soft sheets and a chef to conjure up our favourite food ) , we talked about all the other animals we wanted to see , if possible .. alexander kutner with mum , sky tv presenter kay burley , at ulusaba , sir richard branson 's private game reserve in south africa 's sabi sands. trevor said he and danny would try but could n't promise anything .. nevertheless , given the conservation , ecology and anti-poaching work being carried out by ulusaba and adjoining camps , we were feeling confident .. the following day we found ourselves slap bang in the middle of a herd of buffalo , mean-looking guys who glare at you as if you owe them money .. danny , who will happily track on foot for lion , leopard , elephant and rhino -- four of the big five -- makes an exception for buffalo .. alexander said a lioness looked in his group 's direction , checked her cubs and allowed them to stay. trevor started up the engine and we moved on .. pausing at a watering hole , we were delighted to see two young male elephants wandering towards us .. they made their way into the water and proceeded to perform for us -- a photographer 's dream !. we returned to the lodge to relax and sort through the hundreds of photos we 'd captured .. chef served up kudu burgers for lunch .. we 'd seen plenty of these handsome antelope during our morning game drive ... and mum decided to pass on that meal .. ulusaba means ` place of little fear ' .. that 's because the koppie where rock lodge sits provided the ancient shangaan warriors with the perfect lookout point. trevor wondered what else we 'd like to see .. ` cheetah , please , ' we cried .. he took us on a long , bumpy drive to the wide-open plains where cheetah can run free in their hunt for food .. they are extremely rare in this area of the sabi sands and , despite hour after hour of tracking , there were no paw-print clues .. however , trevor had one last surprise .. danny heard the call of a honey bird and a solitary warning from an impala antelope .. these led him on foot to a pair of leopard cubs frolicking up a tree .. there is no sighting quite as magical as a leopard , and six-month-old cubs are the perfect age to provide incredible images of their playful behaviour .. eventually , with a heavy heart and my camera packed away , we left the african bush .. virgin holidays and hip hotels ( vhiphotels.co.uk , 0844 573 2460 ) offers five nights at ulusaba safari lodge from # 2,669 per person .. this includes return flights to johannesburg , internal flights and all-inclusive accommodation .. the price is based on a june 8 departure .
the mother of a young woman who suffers from lupus , an inflammatory disease which affects the immune system , has hit back at a stranger who left a cruel note on her daughter 's car claiming she had no right to park in a disabled space -- despite the fact that she has a handicap permit .. corinna skorpenske , from pittsburgh , pennsylvania , took to facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer , while also defending her daughter harley jo , a student at ohio state university , and her condition .. ` my first reaction was anger , ' corinna told yahoo health .. ` on top of everything she deals with she did n't need this .. harley is very strong , and many times she just lets it go .. but because she is human i know she feels something . '. noted : harley jo skorpenske , who suffers from lupus , discovered this note on her car after stopping at a cvs in cleveland , ohio. keeping up appearances : the disability caused by harley 's illness is not visible to others , but presents her with a battle every day. the harsh note , which was left on harley 's car , despite the fact that that her official handicap tag was clearly visible , read : ` you should be ashamed !. when you take a handicap spot , an actual disabled person suffers .. you were not raised as you should have been . '. the person who wrote it evidently saw harley walk into the pharmacy unaided , and assumed that she was lying about being disabled .. in response to the note , harley 's mother corinna wrote an open letter on facebook , hoping it would eventually reach the person whose ignorance had so upset her daughter , and also aiming to raise awareness for non-visible ` ghost diseases ' such as harley 's .. including a photo of the note lying on top of harley 's handicap tag , corinna wrote in her post : ` to the person who left this on my daughter 's car .. you 'd never know : harley may struggle every day , but she continues to persevere , unbeknownst to many of those around her. mom knows best : corrina skorpenske ( pictured ) hopes to find the writer of the note and change that person 's - and others ' - perceptions about ` ghost diseases '. ` wishing so much for you to have stopped and talked to this amazing person before leaving this .. if you had , you would have known that my daughter has a disease . '. systemic lupus erythematosus is an autoimmune disease that causes the body to attack its own tissue , leading to inflammation that results in visible swelling and joint pain .. the disease affects women much more frequently than men and leaves suffers feeling extremely fatigued. the condition is also typified by a ` butterfly rash ' which spreads across the face of many with the illness .. there is no cure for lupus , but most of those afflicted are able to live a normal lifespan on medication .. corinna went on to explain in detail the laborious battle her daughter has been through since being diagnosed with lupus aged 16 .. ` it started with her joints swelling and the pain being so bad she could hardly walk , ' corinna said .. ` but she continued going to school and keeping up with her community service . '. the teenager went on to suffer a facial rash and hair loss - and had to attend her prom in a wig .. she would go on to battle debilitating muscle pain , hearing loss , multiple lung collapses and a month-long stay in the hospital that forced her to postpone her studies .. but , incredibly , the young lady always made it back - although ` not at 100 per cent ' her mother explained .. ` she struggles every day with permanent damage she has had to one side of her body and with hearing loss , but baby she keeps going ! '. gushed corinna in the letter . '. i think you would love her ' : harley 's mother leapt to her daughter 's ( pictured ) defense in an open letter , describing her as a fighter and an ` amazing person ' '. i may not be a perfect parent , but i know i did good with her ! '. corinna 's letter is finished with a plea to the writer of the note , saying she hopes to find him or her : ` not to tell you how wrong you were in leaving that note ... but to give you the opportunity to meet my girl .. i think you would love her [ sic ] . '. ` people with ghost illnesses are often labeled as lazy or fakes , ' corinna told yahoo health .. ` we never know what burdens people struggle with .. often we are so quick to judge or make assumptions , but if we just take the time to ask them , they are often very willing to educate them on it .. their pain and discomfort is real . '
( cnn ) five years ago , rebecca francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe .. this week , she got threatened for her action .. the trouble started monday , when comedian ricky gervais tweeted the photo with a question .. " what must 've happened to you in your life to make you want to kill a beautiful animal & then lie next to it smiling ? ". in the past three days , his tweet has been retweeted almost 30,000 times .. a number of people insulted and threatened francis in response to the giraffe photo and others featuring her .. on the website rebeccafrancis.com , there are photos of francis with other animals , including a lion , which other twitterers responded to .. francis , who has appeared on the nbc sports network outdoor lifestyle show " eye of the hunter " and was the subject of an interview with hunting life in late march , responded in a statement to huntinglife.com on tuesday , which was posted on its facebook page .. the death came about , she said , because she was asked by others on an african hunt to " preserve " him for the local people . ". ( the locals ) showed me this beautiful old bull giraffe that was wandering all alone .. he had been kicked out of the herd by a younger and stronger bull .. he was past his breeding years and very close to death , " she said .. " they asked me if i would preserve this giraffe by providing all the locals with food and other means of survival .. ... i chose to honor his life by providing others with his uses and i do not regret it for one second .. ( the locals ) did not waste a single part of him .. i am grateful to be a part of something so good . ". according to the giraffe conservation foundation , there are about 80,000 giraffes in africa , a decline of 60,000 in the past 15 years .. on a website called rebeccafrancis.com , where the photo is posted , francis describes herself as a longtime outdoors enthusiast and a fan of bow-hunting .. " i prefer bowhunting , and the animals i have taken with a bow include : a 10 1/2 ft. brown bear , black bear , shiras moose , alaskan moose , dall sheep , stone sheep , desert bighorn ram , rocky mountain bighorn ram , mule deer , whitetail deer , elk , mountain goat , antelope , arapawa ram , kudu , zebra , black wildebeest , giraffe , springbuck , blesbuck , lynx , badger , and squirrel , " she writes .. " i have also taken many of the same species and more with a rifle . ". she has achieved the " full curl of north american sheep " with a bow , according to the hunting life interview , and hopes to achieve the " super 10 . ". the latter , according to liveoutdoors.com , " entails the taking of one animal from the ten basic north american species : bears , cats , deer , elk , caribou , moose , bison/muskox , goat , antelope and sheep . ". tom opre , the producer and co-host of " eye of the hunter , " says she won the first season of " extreme huntress , " an online offshoot of " eye , " and co-hosted a handful of " eye " episodes .. the rebeccafrancis.com website was apparently last updated in 2013 , though it makes mention of a 2015 tv series called " sheep shape " on the sportsman channel .. cnn has reached out to francis for comment .
if you had planned to jet off today to catch the end of the easter school break , you may just wish you had stayed at home .. in a double hit for thousands of holidaymakers trying to leave britain today , strikes by french air traffic controllers and new border control checks threaten severe delays .. air passengers face up to three days of disruption , with british airways , easyjet , ryanair and flybe among the airlines forced to cancel dozens of flights .. delays : easyjet is one of many airlines set to cancel flights over a strike by french air traffic controllers over the next three days ( file photo ). chaos : new passport regulations could cause queues on roads leading to dover and folkestone ( file photo ). and those travelling abroad by ferry or eurotunnel face queues as exit checks are introduced at britain 's ports .. the change , which takes effect from today , means every passenger in a car or coach will have their passport scanned .. the walkout by france 's biggest air traffic controllers ' union sncta will begin at 5am today and run until 5am on friday -- with vast knock-on disruption expected .. last night , easyjet , which flies to more than a dozen french cities , said it was cancelling 118 flights , including ten directly affecting the uk .. ba warned of ` significant disruption ' and apologised for the cancellation of around a dozen return flights from britain .. flybe said it was cancelling 16 of today 's flights including services to paris from manchester , birmingham and exeter as well as some flights from southampton .. crush : passengers travelling on the channel tunnel or on cross-channel ferries are likely to see the worst of the disruption ( file photo ). ryanair said it was cancelling 250 of today 's flights , with more likely , branding the strike ` grossly unfair ' .. nearly a third involve the uk , although many are destinations outside of france hit by the knock-on effect .. a ryanair spokesman said all affected customers have been contacted by email and text message and advised of their options -- full refund , free transfer on to the next available flight or free transfer on to an alternatively routed flight .. the civil aviation authority said passengers affected by the strike would not receive compensation because industrial action is classed as an ` unforeseen circumstance ' outside the control of airlines .. but they will be entitled to food , drink and , if necessary , hotel accommodation .. in response to dire warnings that the introduction of border control checks would cause chaos , ministers have tried to lessen the impact by phasing the new rules in .. for the first month , all passports will be scanned but only a quarter of passport holders will have to have their details verified .. by june , this will rise to 100 per cent. forget rome or athens , the best place to bask in spring sunshine this week will be britain .. the glorious weather is set to stretch out for the rest of the week -- with hotter temperatures here than in many mediterranean destinations .. the mercury is set to rise steadily until friday , when southern parts of england are forecast to hit 21c ( 70f ) or higher , which would be the hottest temperature here so far this year .. rome and athens are only expected to reach 16c ( 61f ) , while marseille is set to stall at 18c ( 65f ) .. but make the most of it when you can as last week 's cooler weather is predicted to return on sunday .. dan williams , spokesman for the met office , said : ` we are looking at high temperatures until the weekend .. it will be cooler and breezier over the weekend with some rain .. that will make way for more unsettled weather into next week . '
international stars like brendon mccullum will visit to play t20 cricket this summer , but talk among homegrown players is of how it might save england from further embarrassment in global competitions .. alex hales and chris woakes , two foot soldiers in the recent world cup fiasco , both called for some rethinking of the domestic structure to avoid a repeat of what happened in australia and new zealand .. at the launch of next month 's opening of the natwest t20 blast nottinghamshire 's hales admitted : ` as a team we 're not hiding behind the fact that we 're embarrassed about what happened .. with the quality of the squad that we had there 's no excuse not to make it out of the group stages . '. alex hales believes england 's players are n't competing in enough twenty20 competitions. hales was at edgbaston on thursday at the launch of this season 's t20 domestic competition. both he and woakes feel that a way of improving england 's one day cricket would be to adopt more the model of countries like australia and india with their franchise systems .. ` the big bash is fantastic , i 've played in it for three years and really enjoyed it , ' said hales .. ` i 'm a big fan of the block system for t20 , you dedicate three weeks to a month to hone your skills , all your focus if on t20 .. in the last couple of years in england i have n't had much of a chance to develop .. ` over here you play something different sunday to wednesday , then t20 on friday so you do n't get a huge chance to practice your skills .. over there they have less teams so the standard is fantastic . '. i think that 's maybe where we got found out a bit in the world cup , not many guys get exposed to t20 .. there 's such a heavy schedule of test matches guys do n't get a chance to play domestic t20 .. look at guys like broady and jimmy ( anderson ) , they do n't get a chance to play for their counties .. ` it does n't help that a lot of our guys do n't play in the ipl or the big bash .. other players are constantly playing in front of big crowds and improving their skills and that 's not something we had in the world cup .. england were thoroughly embarrassed at the 50-over world cup earlier this year , dumped out of their group. brendon mccullum is adept at playing t20 all over the world and hales wants more of that for english stars. ` it 's tougher here with the indifferent weather and i do n't really know what goes on behind the scenes , but in terms of standard and quality i think the franchise system would work in england . '. at thursday 's edgbaston launch there were players from all 18 counties , but that number would be cut down if the ecb and its new management ever get round to introducing a more city-based league .. woakes , who hopes to start bowling again in the next two weeks after recent foot problems , will play alongside mccullum for a warwickshire team now styled as the birmingham bears .. he believes the rebranding added to the support they received last season , and could so elsewhere if replicated : ` as a player you felt like there were more people behind you , ' he said .. ` it might attract more people to come to the ground from different areas of the city , they might feel more part of it .. ` i 'm sure if it happened it would n't feel right at first but i bet the big bash did n't feel right at first , everything moves forward and evolves .. i think it would probably be a good thing .. it would improve the standard of cricket , it might not feel right but eventually it would .. ` it 's a tricky one , you would have to get counties to merge .. some players might benefit and others would n't .. some people are going to be unhappy .. i do n't think counties would be shut down but if franchises are going to happen something has to give . '. advanced ticket sales are said to be up 41 per cent on last year ahead of the may 15 start with other overseas stars in action including glenn maxwell , aaron finch , chris gayle and kumar sangakarra .
australia 's civil aviation safety authority ( casa ) has placed higher safety restrictions on thai airways , but avoided following the footsteps of its asian neighbours by banning future flights .. china , south korea and japan have all banned new charter flights of thai carriers after an audit by the un 's international civil aviation organization ( icao ) reported that it found ` significant safety concerns ' with the country 's aviation safety to thailand 's department of civil aviation .. according to casa , thai airways is the only thai airline that regularly operates in australia .. un 's international civil aviation organization ( icao ) reported to thailand 's department of civil aviation that it found ` significant safety concerns ' with the country 's aviation safety. the regulator claims to have made contact with the airline and the thai aviation safety regulator for ` further detailed information ' .. ` casa has increased the number of ramp inspections of thai airways flights operating into australia .. these inspections look at the condition of aircraft as well as flight and aircraft documentation , ' a statement from the government body said , according to crikey .. ` at this stage casa has not placed any additional restrictions on thai airways flights to and from australia .. ` this is subject to the results of increased surveillance and any additional information that may be provided by thai airways and the thai air safety regulator .. while some countries have now banned new charter flights from any thai airlines , australia has ` increased the number of ramp inspections of thai airways flights operating into australia ' .. according to the civil aviation safety authority , ` these inspections look at the condition of aircraft as well as flight and aircraft documentation '. ` any request for additional flights by thai airways or changes to their currently approved operations will be considered in the light of the issues raised by the international civil aviation organization and casa 's surveillance and safety checks . '. amongst the country 's airlines that have been affected by bans are thai airways and budget airlines thai airasia x , nokscoot and asia atlantic airline .. audits assess a country 's overall ability to ensure aviation safety .. among the areas considered are personnel licensing and training , airworthiness assessment and certification , accident investigation and airline operations oversight , according to a report by watson farley and williams , an international law firm with a commercial transport practice .. amongst the country 's airlines that have been affected by its neighbour 's bans are thai airways and budget airlines thai airasia x , nokscoot and asia atlantic airline. an icao spokesperson told afp that some of the concerns with thailand 's aviation related to ` air operator certification procedures ' .. a statement from the thai ministry did not give details of the icao 's concerns or recommendations .. it said that it planned to inform countries about the status of thailand 's aviation safety and ` the solutions to fix the faults that were found in the inspection as soon as possible . '. japan has since temporarily lifted their ban for the next two months on the condition of stricter inspections , due to a huge number of travellers hoping to visit the country .
the skylines of the world , an african desert and even the barren landscape of the arctic have been reimagined as part of an annual skyscraper competition .. more than 480 design teams submitted entries to evolo magazine 's 2015 contest and a jury of experts chose three winners and awarded 15 other designs with honorable mentions from 480 global entries .. the first place was awarded to a polish group called bomp for its ` natural habitat ' essence skyscraper , beating the designs for a giant ` times squared 3015 ' concept at the heart of times square , a bio-pyramid in the sahara and cybertopia - a project that blurs the lines between digital and physical worlds .. the evolo magazine skyscraper competition was established in 2006 to recognise ` outstanding ideas for vertical living ' .. the first place in this year 's contest was awarded to a team of polish designers for its project essence skyscraper ( shown ) .. the main body of the building is divided into 11 natural landscapes including open floor plans , water floors , fish tanks lifted up to 98 feet ( 30 metres ) above ground , and jungle areas. the evolo awards were established in 2006 to recognise ` outstanding ideas for vertical living ' .. since then , the publication has received more than 6,000 projects that use technology , materials , designs and space in novel and challenging ways to question how ` we understand vertical architecture and its relationship with the natural and built environments . '. evolo said the winners were selected for their ` creativity , ingenuity , and understanding of dynamic and adaptive vertical communities . '. the first place this year was awarded to bomp - a team comprising of designers ewa odyjas , agnieszka morga , konrad basan , and jakub pudo - from poland for the project essence skyscraper .. the evolo awards were established in 2006 to recognise ` outstanding ideas for vertical living ' .. evolo said the winners were selected for their ` creativity , ingenuity , and understanding of dynamic and adaptive vertical communities . '. first place : essence skyscraper by ewa odyjas , agnieszka morga , konrad basan , and jakub pudo - from poland .. the proposal is an urban mega-structure with a range of natural habitats .. second place : shanty-scraper by suraksha bhatla and sharan sundar from india .. the project wanted to provide housing , work and recreational spaces to the inhabitants of chennai city 's slum in india .. third place : cybertopia by egor orlov from russia .. his design reimagines the city of the future as the combination of digital and physical worlds - a city that grows and morphs instantly according to its residents needs .. the proposal is an urban mega-structure with a range of natural habitats .. the designers said their design ` would serve as a place to briefly escape urban life and stimulate diverse and complex experiences . '. the main body of the building is divided into 11 natural landscapes including open floor plans , water floors , fish tanks lifted up to 98 feet ( 30 metres ) above ground , and jungle areas .. second place went to suraksha bhatla and sharan sundar from india for their shanty-scraper .. the project wanted to provide housing , work and recreational spaces to the inhabitants of chennai city 's slum in india .. it was designed to use debris from the city 's construction industry including pipes , corrugated metal sheets and timber .. the designers explained : ` india 's slum population is expected to surge to 104 million , or 9 per cent of the national population by 2017 .. ` as the nation 's disparity between the rich and poor deepens , the number of people living below poverty line has doubled over the last decade .. ` shanty-scraper aspires to provide a unique solution .. the vertical squatter structure is comprised of post-construction debris [ and ] the double height semi enclosures serve as utility yards and social gathering spaces . '. they said that the ` lifts ' are divided into multiple plank platforms made from a simple mechanically-driven lever and pulley .. third place was awarded to egor orlov from russia for his project cybertopia which reimagines the city of the future as the combination of digital and physical worlds - ' a city that grows and morphs instantly according to its residents needs . '. he explained : ' " tomorrow " we expect a completely different topography of the city .. ` it will be a map which includes cyber worlds with intrinsic geography , laws of physics , qualities and even its own residents .. it is as though landscapes of computer games have woven into the city space .. ` the residential area of the skyscraper represents a constantly growing and developing spatial complex ... printed by 3d printer or by drone construction .. second place went to suraksha bhatla and sharan sundar from india for their shanty-scraper ( concept drawings shown left and right ) .. the project wanted to provide housing , work and recreational spaces to the inhabitants of chennai city 's slum in india .. it was designed , in particular , to use debris from the city construction industry including pipes , corrugated metal sheets and timber. the bio-pyramid : reversing desertification design ( pictured ) was created by david sepulveda , wagdy moussa , ishaan kumar , wesley townsend , colin joyce , arianna armelli and salvador juarez from the us .. they said it is a non-conventional skyscraper that not only operates as a ` bio-sphere ' but also as a gateway from cairo across the sahara desert. meanwhile , the noah oasis : rig to vertical bio-habitat ( pictured ) was created by chinese designers ma yidong , zhu zhonghui , qin zhengyu and jiang zhe .. ` our design transforms the original rigs into vertical bio-habitats , which aims to exert instant response to oil spills , restore damaged eco-systems and offer shelter from future disasters , ' the team said. the 15 honorable mentions include skyscrapers designed for the arctic , structures that intend to reverse desertification , abandoned oil rigs transformed into bio-habitats , and atmosphere laboratories among others .. the third place was awarded to egor orlov from russia for ` cybertopia ' .. it reimagines the city of the future as the combination of digital and physical worlds - ' a city that grows and morphs instantly according to its residents needs '. these include the bio-pyramid : reversing desertification , created by david sepulveda , wagdy moussa , ishaan kumar , wesley townsend , colin joyce , arianna armelli and salvador juarez from the us .. they said their bio-pyramid is a non-conventional skyscraper that not only operates as a ` bio-sphere ' but also as a gateway from cairo across the sahara desert .. the unexpected aurora in chernobyl design was submitted by zhang zehua , song qiang and liu yameng from china .. this project aims to build a skyscraper for people who return to chernobyl and is fitted with air and water purification systems .. the skyscraper itself is powered by solar energy .. ` the skyscraper is just like a garden of eden , a new and safe life will start from here , ' the designers said .. exploring arctic : multifunctional complex in dikson harbour is based on transforming an arctic hub port .. ` it is necessary to create comfortable working and living environment of the northern sea route transport infrastructure , ' said designers nikolay zaytsev and elizaveta lopatina from russia .. ` the initial idea is to design a separate anthropogenic microcosm , detached from the harsh arctic environment , but based on the dynamic equilibrium between people and nature .. instead of building on the ground , one entry imagined a structure built into the clouds to control the weather .. called cloud capture , taehan kim , seoung ji lee and yujin ha from korea said their design would catch and redistribute clouds ` where they are affluent to scarce ' .. this could transform the ` arid-yellow deserts into fresh green spaces ' .. a similar design was submitted by shi yuqing , hu yifei , zhang juntong , sheng zifeng and he yanan from china called air monument : atmosphere database .. they said the structure would obtain atmosphere samples throughout the year to monitor changes and highlight any concerns .. meanwhile , the noah oasis : rig to vertical bio-habitat was created by chinese designers ma yidong , zhu zhonghui , qin zhengyu and jiang zhe .. ` our design transforms the original rigs into vertical bio-habitats , which aims to exert instant response to oil spills , restore damaged eco-systems and offer shelter from future disasters , ' the team said .. ` the original rig will become a reactor centre , where the spilled oil will be converted into catalyst and building materials , as well as a recreational centre and research facility . '. underwater , the structure will be secured to pipes .. and in the us , a group of designers proposed a self-contained city featuring a stadium , forest , farm and beach on the top of a mile-high skyscraper in new york city .. the unexpected aurora in chernobyl design ( pictured ) was submitted by zhang zehua , song qiang and liu yameng from china .. this project aims to build a skyscraper for people in chernobyl fitted with air and water purification systems .. the building is powered by solar energy. exploring arctic : multifunctional complex in dikson harbour is based on transforming an arctic port ( pictured ) .. ` it is necessary to create working and living areas for the northern sea route transport infrastructure , ' said russian designers nikolay zaytsev and elizaveta lopatina. the designers of the exploring arctic : multifunctional complex in dikson harbour ( pictured ) continued : ` the initial idea is to design a separate anthropogenic microcosm , detached from the harsh arctic environment , but based on the dynamic equilibrium between people and nature '. the giant ` times squared 3015 ' concept would be built inside a huge vertical tower at the heart of times square and would measure 5,687 ft tall ( 1,733 metres ) .. it was designed by blake freitas , grace chen and alexi kararavokris .. the group said that as the planet continues to overpopulate , their entry explores spatial , environmental and experimental possibilities of vertical living .. the proposed community would usher in a ` new kind of daily life ' , where farmers tended to crops which provided oxygen and food , visitors attend a football game by catching an elevator to the third floor and residents walk through a redwood forest thousands of feet above the city .. the 2015 skyscraper competition was sponsored by autodesk , real5d , and v2com and was judged by a panel including architects massimiliano fuksas and benedetta tagliabue and last year 's winner yong ju lee .. instead of building on the ground , one entry imagined a structure in the clouds to control the weather .. called cloud capture ( left ) , taehan kim , seoung ji lee and yujin ha from korea said their design would catch and redistribute clouds ` where they are affluent to scarce ' .. a similar design was submitted by shi yuqing from china called air monument : atmosphere database ( right ) that would obtain samples during the year. and in the us , a group of designers proposed a self-contained city in new york city .. the ` times squared 3015 ' concept would be built inside a huge tower in times square , would measure 5,687 ft tall ( 1,733 metres ) and was designed by blake freitas , grace chen and alexi kararavokris. concept design drawings ( pictured left and right ) show the massive skyscraper would contain a beach , stadium , farm and residential apartments .. the proposed community would usher in a ` new kind of daily life ' , where farmers tended to crops which provided oxygen and food , visitors attend a football game by catching an lift to the third floor , and residents walk through a redwood forest above the city
jeremy clarkson , james may and richard hammond today held talks with top gear executive producer andy wilman - just hours before it was sensationally announced he had quit the bbc .. the resignation marks another blow for the hugely-popular show , which has been marred by uncertainty since clarkson was axed last month following a ` fracas ' with a producer .. it means mr wilman , a childhood friend of clarkson who helped revamp top gear into the corporation 's most successful programme , is now free to reunite with the team on a rival channel .. there is widespread speculation that the men are working on a new motoring series to be aired by netflix , amazon or another british broadcaster - in what would be a nightmare scenario for the bbc .. back together : jeremy clarkson ( left ) is seen with his top gear colleagues james may ( centre ) and richard hammond ( right ) outside his west london flat , in their first public appearance since he was sacked. discussions : top gear executive producer andy wilman ( front centre ) was also present at the meeting today , just hours before it was sensationally announced he had quit the bbc , in what is another blow for the show. presenters : may had earlier said the bbc would be ` stupid ' to try a version of the hit motoring show with ' a surrogate jeremy ' , richard hammond and himself - adding that the idea was a ` non-starter '. the presenter looked in high spirits as he left the property with mr wilman .. a bbc spokesman would not comment on the producer 's resignation other than to confirm it. put it there : hammond and clarkson shake hands as they part ways on a west london street. the men were photographed today outside clarkson 's home in west london - their first public appearance together since the presenter was dropped from top gear - before moving on to a pub .. earlier today , may ruled out returning to top gear without clarkson , insisting it would be ` lame ' with a new presenter in place of his sacked co-host .. the 52-year-old said the bbc would be ` stupid ' to try a version of the programme with ' a surrogate jeremy ' , hammond and himself - adding that the idea was a ` non-starter ' .. his comments mean that if the show does return next year , it will likely be with an entirely new presenting team .. both may and hammond saw their contracts finish last month .. casual : speaking today , may , pictured tonight , said he had just been ` having a pint ' with his co-stars. may told the guardian : ` me and hammond with a surrogate jeremy is a non-starter , it just would n't work .. that would be lame , or " awks " as young people say .. ` it has to be the three of us .. you ca n't just put a surrogate jeremy in and expect it to carry on .. i do n't believe they would be stupid enough to try that .. ` it does n't mean i wo n't go back - we may all go back in the future .. it might just be we have a break from it .. it would be a bloody tough call to do top gear without jeremy . '. former x factor host dermot o'leary , model jodie kidd and great british bake off host sue perkins have all been named as possible replacements for clarkson .. speaking after the meeting today , may said he had just been ` having a pint ' with his co-stars and mr wilman , adding that he still did n't know what he would do in the future .. this evening , a bbc spokeswoman confirmed that mr wilman , top gear 's longstanding executive producer and clarkson 's right-hand man , had handed bosses his resignation .. she would not say whether or not the decision was related to the outspoken presenter .. it comes just weeks after an email from mr wilman to colleagues titled ` au revoir ' was leaked .. in the email , the 52-year-old , who has made millions from the show , congratulated staff on making ` one of the most iconic programmes in tv history ' .. ` at least we left 'em wanting more .. and that alone , when you think about it , is quite an achievement for a show that started 13 years ago , ' he wrote .. after the email was leaked , mr wilman announced publicly that it had not been a resignation .. the revelations today come after bbc2 boss kim shillinglaw , who has been tasked with finding a replacement for clarkson on top gear , said the presenter ` will be back on the bbc ' at some point .. leaving : hammond arrived at the flat first , before may came in a bmw car - followed by mr wilman 's arrival. waving : it comes a day after bbc2 boss kim shillinglaw , who has been tasked with finding a replacement for clarkson ( left ) on top gear , said the 55-year-old presenter ` will be back on the bbc ' at some point. keeping mum : the group has not yet revealed whether it will work together on another car programme. miss shillinglaw also confirmed clarkson 's final top gear scenes will be screened later this year and she was not thinking of his replacement ` in terms of gender ' .. clarkson was sacked by the bbc after an ` unprovoked physical and verbal ' attack in north yorkshire that left his victim , top gear producer oisin tymon , in need of hospital treatment .. the star was suspended last month when he became the subject of an internal bbc investigation after he attacked mr tymon , 36 , splitting his lip and verbally abusing him .. clarkson 's contract was not renewed , with director-general tony hall saying at the time ' a line has been crossed ' and ` there can not be one rule for one and one rule for another ' .. hosts : clarkson ( centre - with fellow presenters richard hammond , left , and may , right ) was sacked by the bbc after an ` unprovoked physical and verbal ' attack that left his victim in need of hospital treatment. victim : clarkson was suspended last month when he became the subject of an internal bbc investigation after he attacked top gear producer oisin tymon ( pictured ) , 36 , splitting his lip and verbally abusing him. clarkson said he considered turning his back on presenting altogether in the immediate fall-out from the incident , but has since stated that he expects to present another tv show on cars in the future .. earlier this month , north yorkshire police said that following an investigation clarkson would face no further police action over his attack on the producer at a hotel in hawes .. meanwhile , clarkson revealed in a newspaper column earlier this month that he was told by a doctor that he might have cancer , two days before assaulting mr tymon .. top gear - which is said to generate about # 50million a year for bbc worldwide - is viewed by more than six million viewers on bbc2 and watched in more than 200 countries .. bookmakers ' favourite o'leary , 41 , is currently being lined up to host a different prime-time bbc one motoring show - after ending his eight-year stint as host of itv 's the x factor last month .. car enthusiast glenister , 52 , known for playing a politically-incorrect police detective in tv series life on mars , is presenting the second series of for the love of cars on channel 4 .. the 36-year-old model owns a number of cars , co-presents the classic car show on channel 5 and achieved one of the fastest lap times as a top gear ` star in a reasonably-priced car ' .. the 33-year-old motorcycle star made channel 4 programme speed , and said last month : ' i do n't want to try and be the man who replaced jeremy clarkson , but never say never . '. favourites : presenter dermot o'leary , actor philip glenister , model jodie kidd and motorcyclist guy martin. bbc radio 2 host evans , 49 , another well-known car enthusiast , has been tipped as a favourite - but told listeners last month that claims he would replace clarkson were ` absolute nonsense ' .. great british bake off host sue perkins , 45 , was named as the favourite a fortnight ago , but this prompted a barrage of abusive tweets from ` blokes wishing me dead ' , which saw her quit twitter .. qi presenter stephen fry , 57 , has appeared on top gear twice - but has been repeatedly prosecuted for speeding and managed to crash and write off the reasonably-priced car .. a tongue-in-cheek petition signed by more than 34,000 people is calling on the bbc to hire fictional broadcaster alan partridge - played by 49-year-old coogan - as the new presenter .. fifth to eight : chris evans , sue perkins , stephen fry and steve coogan are also said to be in the running. odds supplied by bookmaker paddy power
a woman asked a judge on thursday to dismiss her lawsuit against the daughter of university of alabama football coach nick saban , bringing an end to a legal fight between sorority sisters that was sparked by an alcohol-fueled brawl .. attorneys for plaintiff sarah grimes and for kristen saban would not say whether there had been a settlement of the lawsuit , which was set for trial in early august .. ` we are pleased that this case is over , ' said josh hayes , a lawyer for the coach 's daughter .. burying the hatchet : university of alabama graduate sarah grimes ( left ) has dropped her lawsuit against her former sorority sister kristen saban ( pictured right with coach dad ) , whom she had accused of brutally beating her. sisters : both saban and grimes pledged the phi mu sorority ( pictured ) at the university of alabama in 2009. stephen strickland , who filed the request on behalf of grimes , declined to comment .. the one-sentence dismissal motion did not give a reason for the move , but it said each woman should pay her own legal costs .. tuscaloosa county circuit judge james roberts did not immediately rule on the request .. grimes sued the coach 's daughter in tuscaloosa county in 2012 over a fight they had while attending college in 2010 .. the lawsuit said grimes suffered lasting injuries during the brawl , which evidence showed began over a facebook post after a night of drinking .. arguments during a hearing and court documents showed the two women came to blows at kristen saban 's apartment after the famous coach 's daughter posted ` no one likes sarah yayyyyy ! '. grimes banged on saban 's bedroom door demanding that the post be deleted and the two were soon in a tussle that included pushing and hair pulling .. grimes portrayed kristen saban as the aggressor .. grimes said she suffered serious injuries , including a concussion and a broken nose that required surgery .. but a judge in tuscaloosa cited alabama 's ` stand your ground ' law in ruling that saban only defended herself against grimes .. nick saban and his wife , terry saban , were not parties in the lawsuit , which sought an unspecified amount of money .. girl brawl : grimes ( left ) claimed in her 2012 lawsuit that she suffered lasting injuries during a boozy brawl with saban ( right ) in 2010 , which evidence showed began over a facebook post after a night of drinking. grimes ' now-defunct lawsuit stated that the fight happened in the wee hours on aug. 29 , 2010 , after a night of drinking at rounders , a local bar in tuscaloosa .. the two sorority sisters and five other girlfriends were hanging out in saban 's apartment when they began to bicker over a boyfriend .. grimes told saban to ` shut up ' and that ` others were tired of listening to her , ' according to court documents .. grimes told saban she ` needed to get therapy ' because she was a ` psycho ' -- to which saban fired back : ` because that worked really well for you , ' court records show .. standing her ground : saban claimed it was grimes who attacked her first and she was just defending herself. saban then locked herself in the bathroom , and posted on her facebook : ` no one likes sarah , yayyyyy ! '. that 's where things get murky -- which each of the sorority sisters claiming in legal papers that the other beat her badly .. in her testimony , grimes said that saban ` used both of her hands and shoved her into an open door frame , ' where she hit her head .. grimes said she put ` one hand on [ saban 's ] throat , one hand on her chest , and threw her back ' to try to get away .. but saban bounced back on top of her and ` hit her in the face more than five times , ' leaving grimes bleeding ` all over the floor and all over herself , ' running down her face and into her bra .. grimes later testified that she had ` extensive ' injuries , including a swelling on her left temple and a black eye .. saban presented a different version of events .. she said in legal papers that , after she posted on facebook , grimes rushed over to confront her and began banging on her door .. ` she was screaming at me to take it off and cursing , and i finally took it off , and i opened the door , and i showed her , ' saban testified , according to court records . '. i had my phone out , and i said , " it 's off .. ` and then she took both of her hands and put them around my throat . '. university of alabama coach nick saban ( pictured ) and his wife , terry saban , were not parties in the lawsuit. saban added there was ` just a lot of slapping and punching , not many [ punches ] landing , and scratching . '. her injuries including a broken nose and scratches on her back , she testified .. kristen saban pleaded guilty to an unspecified offense before the university 's judicial board but was not prosecuted criminally , according to the suit .. it said she was required to undergo psychological screening and take an anger management class .. grimes and kristen saban , one-time close friends , have both graduated from the university .. ms grimes went on to become a first-grade teacher in alabama , while her arch-rival has launched a career in marketing .
the records are tumbling and leicester 's belief is growing .. their 2-0 victory over swansea made it three premier league wins in a row for the first time since 2000 , lifting nigel pearson 's side to 17th and ending their five-month spell at the bottom .. all this after just two wins in their previous 24 games .. most looking at the club reasoned relegation would be a matter of time .. instead , queens park rangers , burnley , hull and sunderland are now shorter odds to go down with bookmakers .. in truth , there have been no significant changes to affect results .. pearson has applied the same principles throughout the season , except now leicester are taking more chances .. here sportsmail assesses the key themes of leicester 's revival .. leicester striker leonardo ulloa celebrates after scoring against swansea during his side 's 2-0 win. andy king 's late tap-in meant leicester have scored two or more goals in a fourth consecutive top-flight match for the first time since may 2000 .. previously , leicester were creating plenty but fluffing their lines .. against crystal palace in february , for example , they had five shots on target , eight shots off target , six shots blocked -- and failed to find the net , losing 1-0 .. they had six shots on target against swansea , with a much better success rate .. andy king scores leicester 's second goal to seal three points against swansea at the king power stadium. ulloa scored his first premier league goal in 647 minutes ; last scoring on boxing day 2014 .. esteban cambiasso will surely be named leicester 's player of the season come what may .. the argentine has sprinkled high quality to their midfield , winning possession and conducting play like a grand master plots chess moves .. at 34 , his experience is now shining through -- a calm head even as circumstances appeared brittle .. his goal to set up the win over west ham was special too .. his pass completion was not outstanding against swansea -- just 68.3 per cent -- but that is largely because he tried difficult balls to get his team on the front foot .. leicester midfielder esteban cambiasso puts in another classy performance against swansea on saturday. with the score at 1-0 , swansea unlocked the leicester defence to send nelson oliveira through on goal .. kasper schmeichel was out in a flash , spreading himself large and deflecting the finish wide .. it was a hugely important moment .. the danish goalkeeper was on the sidelines with a broken metatarsal for more than three months of this season , but has returned at peak form for this crucial period .. foxes goalkeeper kasper schmeichel gets down quickly and makes himself big to save from nelson oliveria. aside from schmeichel 's injury , pearson has been able to call a mainly full-strength squad most weeks .. he has changed personnel -- only wes morgan has more than 30 starts under his belt -- and players appear fresh when other squads may be tiring .. he is flexible with his tactics , changing during games to suit the situation .. he is getting it right recently .. against west bromwich albion he began with 4-3-1-2 but switched to 3-5-2 when trailing at half-time .. against swansea , he started with an attacking 3-4-1-2 but implemented a back four when ahead .. king slides in with a strong challenge on swansea 's oliveria during the premier league match on saturday. the leicester manager has been on the touchline rather than high in the stands recently , and uses his position to effect rather than for show .. he kept players motivated at the hawthorns and used a break in play against swansea to give an impromptu team talk .. he has been in remarkable survivals before , at carlisle , southampton , and west brom , and knows what is required .. he has managed to keep the respect of the squad through his imposing personality even after the phantom sacking .. the players have always supported him .. leicester boss nigel pearson gives instructions to his players ahead of the 2-0 win over swansea. the great escape theme was hummed loudly by leicester fans at fullt-time , and atmospheres at the king power stadium have been very noisy for the wins over west ham and swansea .. that will continue for four of the final six games , with home comfort looking vital .. burnley at turf moor awaits first , and leonardo ulloa , who scored the opening goal , insists leicester must not let their intensity dip .. he also thinks leicester 's sustained spell in the relegation zone has equipped them with the psychological tools to claw their way up .. ` if you know this situation at the bottom you play different , the mentality is a little different , ' he said .. ` now with a good result and we have to push on . '. a leicester fan holds up a sign backing the team to win their battle against relegation this season
ss sergeant oskar groening - known as ` the bookkeeper of auschwitz ' - is set to go on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 jews at the nazi extermination camp. an ss sergeant known as ` the bookkeeper of auschwitz ' is set to go on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 jews at the nazi extermination camp .. auschwitz survivors and the relatives of those murdered there filed into court today for the trial of 93-year-old oskar groening - who may well have met their loved ones shortly before they were gassed .. they spoke of their pain , pride and duty in confronting this ` cog ' in the machinery of genocide .. groening , known as ` the bookkeeper ' for his role in the camp in nazi-occupied poland , was tasked with meeting the trains bringing victims there and robbing those aboard of their possessions .. between may 16 and july 11 , 1944 he was on duty when 450,000 hungarian jews were transported there , with 300,000 being gassed just after arrival .. now those who lost loved ones have travelled thousands of miles to bear witness as co-plaintiffs against groening in what may prove to be the last nazi trial of its kind in germany . '. i lost 49 members of my family in the holocaust , ' said eva pusztai-fahidi , 89 , from budapest .. ` he must have been there , on the ramp , witnessing the suffering .. now i want to look into his eyes and see him recognise his guilt .. ` the holocaust was made of small men like him , little cogs in the machine .. it was n't just big fish , it was people like oskar groening .. it does n't matter what his punishment is , but the verdict .. the holocaust deniers can always say a little old jewish woman told lies .. but they will not be able to deny the words of a single ss man who admits he was there . '. hedy bohm , 87 , travelled from toronto , canada , with her daughter to bear witness for her lost family .. she too lost numerous family members , her father and his sister , together with her small baby , on the day they arrived . '. i am so grateful to have been given this opportunity to come here and testify , ' she said . '. i do n't know if i ever saw him .. and there can be no statute of limitations on people who served in such a place . '. groening , a sergeant in the dreaded ss , was in auschwitz as a guard for two and-a-half years , but prosecutors are charging him with complicity in the murders of 300,000 people who arrived on 137 trains during the 48 day period of that summer in 1944 because of his intact service records .. auschwitz ( pictured ) survivors and the relatives of those murdered there filed into court today for the trial of 93-year-old groening. hedy bohm ( left ) and eva pusztai-fahidi ( right ) , survivors of the auschwitz concentration camp , take part in a news conference ahead of groening 's trial. groening never denied being at auschwitz and has been haunted by it ever since .. he once admitted : ' i never really left auschwitz - and it never left me . '. but he denies a single instance of killing or cruelty - even though he witnessed plenty .. such a defence worked in germany before 2011 and the trial of sobibor death camp guard john demjanjuk , but no longer .. demjanjuk was tried and convicted for being part of the machinery of mass murder at the camp where 250,000 jews were liquidated without a single shred of evidence linking him to a crime .. there was no-one left alive to testify at his trial in munich for his role in the extermination of 28,000 dutch jews .. no-one could say whether he slaughtered with his bare hands , but he was convicted , for the first time in history , simply because he was there - and that is why groening now has his appointment with justice .. groening , who lives near the lueneburg heath - ironically the place where his boss , ss chief heinrich himmler , was buried in an unmarked grave after committing suicide when he fell into british hands at the end of the war - lived a comfortable life after the war .. he married , had two children and worked as a wages accountant in a glass factory after being released from a pow camp in britain .. groening was in auschwitz as a guard for two and-a-half years , but prosecutors are charging him with complicity in the murders of 300,000 people over a two-month period in 1944. he spoke at trials after the war of the operations of the gas chambers and crematoria but denied any involvement .. now a frail widower , he bears little resemblance to the young soldier with thin glasses shown in a black and white wartime photograph , except for the shadow of a military tattoo on his left arm bearing his ` o ' blood type .. groening has said he volunteered for the waffen ss in 1941 at age 20 , drawn by wartime fervour and ` the elegance of the uniform ' .. but he testified to his nightmares in interviews before he was charged .. ` every night and every day i remember it for the nightmare it was , ' he said .. ` it was in 1942 that my ss chiefs in berlin ordered me there . '. i was an official in the prisoners ' possessions administration which basically involved removing the money , jewels and other valuables from the inmates , registering it and sending it back to berlin .. ` they had diamonds and gold worth millions and it was my duty to make sure all of it got to berlin .. ` it was completely understood by all that the majority were going straight to the gas chamber , although some believed they were only going to be showered before going to work .. many jews knew they were going to die .. ` one time a drunken ss man discovered a crying baby on the platform .. he grabbed the waif by its legs and smashed its head against the side of a truck .. my blood froze when i saw it .. ` when i saw this i went to my superior officers and made an application for a transfer to the front , to anywhere .. down the years i have heard the cries of the dead in my dreams and in every waking moment .. i will never be free of them .. ` it was becoming harder and harder to suppress everything i saw .. on one night in january 1943 i saw for the first time how the jews were actually gassed .. it was in a half-built farmyard near to the auschwitz-birkenau camp .. a gas chamber was built there .. we were searching the wood nearby for prisoners who had escaped .. loved ones ( pictured being interviewed before the trial ) have travelled thousands of miles to bear witness as co-plaintiffs against groening. between may 16 and july 11 , 1944 he was on duty when 450,000 hungarian jews were transported there , with 300,000 being gassed just after arrival .. ` there were more than 100 prisoners and soon there were panic-filled cries as they were herded into the chamber and the door was shut .. ` then a sergeant with a gas mask went to a hole in the wall and from a tin shook zyklon b gas pellets inside .. in that moment the cries of the people inside rose to a crescendo , a choir of madness .. these cries i have ringing in my ears to this day . '. i again made an application for a transfer and at the end of october 1944 i was shipped to the belgian ardennes where i served with a fighting unit until capture .. ` but you can imagine that down the years i have heard the cries of the dead in my dreams and in every waking moment .. i will never be free of them . '. i have never been back there because of my shame .. this guilt will never leave me .. i can only plead for forgiveness and pray for atonement . '. kurt schrimm , who heads germany 's sole nazi hunting agency , prepared the case against groening .. three more are pending against former auschwitz personnel but age and infirmity seem likely to derail those proceedings before they begin .. judith kalman , 61 , also from toronto , has travelled to represent her sister evike , who was six when she was gassed upon arrival at auschwitz during one of those days that groening was on duty .. she said : ` she never grew up .. she will be a six-year-old child forever .. a talented , cute little girl who taught herself to read .. ` there is not only a shadow on my family , there is a shadow on my whole life .. she was gassed 75 days after her sixth birthday on june 3 1944 .. what could have become of this talented , gifted child ? '. i do n't feel resentement or hatred when i think of groening .. i believe him when he says he never laid a hand on a jew .. he is unsure himself of his guilt .. he wants to have peace of mind , to justify himself , but he knows there can be no justification . '. i will be there for evika and for all the others who were murdered .. he chose to participate in this crime and participated with conviction .. and now , finally , he must answer for it . '
charlie chaplin 's divorce papers lay bare the film star 's ` cruel and inhumane ' treatment of his teenage bride during their short-lived marriage .. chaplin 's union to lita grey , who was nearly 20 years his junior , lasted just three years .. the iconic film star was said have bedded the impressionable 16-year-old after promising her marriage and then tried to convince her to have an abortion when she fell pregnant .. on the pairs wedding night chaplin was also said to have confided in friends that the union was a better prospect than prison .. an original copy of the couples 50-page divorce papers was set to fetch an estimated # 15,000 when it goes under the hammer , after being found in america .. the 50-page divorce papers of charlie chaplin and his second wife lita grey were found in a bank in america. charlie chaplin , left , married second wife lita grey , right , who was nearly 20 years his jounior , in 1924 and the union lasted for just three years. the divorce papers are set to fetch an estimated # 15,000 when they go under the hammer in plymouth. chaplin , then 35 , married his second wife lita , 16 , in 1924 .. they divorced just three years later with the teenager lifting the lid on their marriage .. in the papers it was alleged that chaplin slept with the ` virtuous and inexperienced ' lita when she was barely 16 after promising to marry her .. on their wedding night chaplin was said to have told friends that the marriage was a better option than prison .. he said to lita : ` this marriage wo n't last long , i will make you so damn sick of me that you wo n't want to live with me . '. another part claims chaplin delayed marrying lita after she fell pregnant in an attempt to get her to have an abortion or ` criminal operation ' .. and the silent movie star was accused of calling his young bride a ` gold digger ' who tried to ruin his career and stood in the way if his professional success .. the papers also contain an order stopping chaplin from moving his wealth before the settlement so it would not affect the court proceedings .. only around 16 copies of the divorce proceedings were believed to have been made , one sent to chaplin himself and the others sent to various film companies and banks , involved in the proceedings .. the papers for sale in devon , were sent to the 1st national bank of los angeles on the 11th jan 1927 .. almost a century later they are being sold by parade antiques on plymouth for # 15,000 .. the papers for sale were sent to the 1st national bank of los angeles on the 11th jan 1927. lita claimed that she endured ` cruel and inhumane ' treatment by chaplin in the legal papers. john cabello , who owns the antiques shop , said : ` we got it from a person in america - he was told to clear out some supplies and old documents at the bank and he found them .. ` he was told they would be thrown away and he kept them instead .. ` when the papers were published , chaplin was ostracised for a while .. people in the know thought he was quite a nasty piece of work .. ` all this comes out and makes for quite hard reading , even by today 's standards . '. rob morrish , 27 , who runs the shop 's website , poured over the historic legal documents .. the 27-year-old said : ` about a week 's worth of work went into researching the document , reading through it took some time .. ` it 's all hand signed and very old and fragile .. it was folded for a long time and required a lot of very careful handling . '. the papers reveal intimate details of the couples unstable relationship , believed to be an attempt by lita 's lawyers to tarnish chaplin 's reputation and gain a bigger settlement .. mr morrish said : ` they met on set of one of his films and he seduced her as a young woman .. it was frowned upon but he tried to make the most of the situation .. ` when she became pregnant he was n't particularly pleased to be trapped in a marriage .. ` he squirrelled her away and did not report the birth until months later to make it look like the child was conceived after they wedded .. the papers also contain an order stopping chaplin from moving his wealth before the settlement so it would not affect the court proceedings. lita was granted a $ 800,000 settlement when the couple eventually divorced in 1927. ` she was quite a young woman when they divorced and she was being sent by her lawyers to get as much as they could .. she has said she regretted it in later life .. ` it was way above and beyond what is standard for divorce proceedings , even for now . '. eventually in 1927 , lita and chaplin divorced and she was granted a settlement of $ 800,000 , the largest at the time .. mr morrish said : ` she achieved what her lawyers wanted .. in the end she got what she wanted but he still had a fantastic career after that . '
since ellen degeneres broke the internet with her celebrity selfie at last year 's oscars , taking mobile phone snaps on the red carpet has become a must-do for a list stars .. but this year 's cannes film festival has been declared a selfie-free zone after organisers asked celebrities to stop taking the ` ridiculous and grotesque ' images .. while cannes director thierry fremaux admitted that he did not have the powers to ban the pictures altogether , he urged movie starts to resist the temptation .. celebrities have been told to stop taking selfies at this year 's cannes film festival by director thierry fremaux ( pictured , models petra nemcova , left , and victoria bonya and hofit golan , right , at last year 's event ). mr fremaux said that the ` ridiculous and grotesque ' pictures slowed the entire event down , causing problems for organisers ( pictured , jeremie renier takes a selfie at the photocall for saint laurent last year ). the cannes director blasted celebrities such as rosario dawson ( left ) and nabilla benattias ( right ) who ` stop every two metres to take a picture of themselves , with themselves '. quoted in the guardian , he said : ` we do n't want to prohibit it but it 's really a matter of timing .. ` we have a certain amount of time to get people across the red carpet and up the steps and it really slows things down if people stop every two metres to take a picture of themselves , with themselves .. he added : ` you never look as ugly as you do in a selfie . '. celebrities who will have to watch their selfie-taking at the 68th ceremony include cate blanchett , who stars in a film about lesbian love , and michael fassbender , who features in a film based on shakespeare 's macbeth .. matthew mcconaughey , charlize theron , natalie portman , rachel weisz and benicio del toro will also be welcomed to the french riviera when the event gets underway in a month 's time .. mr fremaux , director of cannes , said he could not ban the pictures , but said celebrities will be discouraged from taking them. mr fremaux today announced 17 films that will be competing for prizes at the may 13-24 festival , chosen from more than 1,800 submissions .. fassbender will star opposite marion cotillard star in a film version of shakespeare 's ` macbeth ' by australian director justin kurzel .. meanwhile blanchett stars in carol , todd haynes 's adaptation of a patricia highsmith novel about a clandestine lesbian love affair in 1950s new york .. other nominations include jia zhangke ` mountains may depart , ' paolo sorrentino 's ` youth ' - a film about age starring michael caine - and gus van sant 's forest feature ` the sea of trees ' .. returning cannes veterans include ` gomorrah ' director matteo garrone , with ` the tale of tales , ' starring john c. reilly and salma hayek ; south korea 's kore-eda hirokazu with sibling saga ` our little sister ' ; and france 's jacques audiard with ` dheepan , ' the story of a tamil refugee in france .. also in the lineup are films by italy 's nanni moretti and taiwanese director hou hsiao-hsien .. cannes organizers have faced criticism for not selecting more films by female directors , but , or the first time in more than 25 years , this year 's festival will be opened by a film by a woman .. french director emmanuelle bercot 's drama ` la tete haute ' ( head held high ) , about a teenager steered away from a life of crime by a judge .. two more female filmmakers are in competition : valerie donzelli with ` marguerite and julien ' and maiwenn with ` mon roi ' ( ` my king ' ) .. geographically , the entries range from europe to china , south korea , the u.s. and mexico , setting of denis villeneuve 's narco-crime drama ` sicario . '. ellen degeneres set the standard for celebrity selfies at last year 's oscars ceremony when she tweeted this image , which has since be reposted 3.5 million times on the social network. mr fremaux made the comments at a press conference announcing the films competing in the 68th cannes festival , which feature stars including cate blanchett , matthew mcconaughey and michael fassbender. genres range from drama to martial-arts thriller to science fiction rom-com - in the form of ` the lobster , ' a film by greek director yorgos lanthimos starring weisz and colin farrell .. fremaux said several more films will be added to the competition before the festival opens .. films in the lineup but not competing for prizes include woody allen 's campus comedy ` irrational man , ' starring emma stone and joaquin phoenix , george miller 's dystopian thriller ` mad max : fury road ' and asif kapadia 's documentary about the late singer amy winehouse , ` amy . '. pixar , whose buoyant ` up ' opened the festival in 2009 , returns with ` inside out , ' in which an adolescent girl 's thoughts and emotions become animated characters .. actress portman makes her feature-film directorial debut with ' a tale of love and darkness , ' based on a memoir by israeli writer amos oz .. winners of the palme d'or and other prizes will be chosen by a jury led by directors joel and ethan coen .. charlize theron , natalie portman , rachel weisz and benicio del toro will be among the other stars welcomed to the french riviera when the festival begins next month
as the final episodes of poldark approach , men across the nation have longed for respite from the hysteria over heartthrob aidan turner .. but the bad news -- for them , at least -- is that any well-earned break wo n't last for long .. tv chiefs yesterday announced the cornwall-set drama will be coming back for eight more episodes after it helped bbc1 deliver its strongest start to a year for a decade .. aidan turner has been signed up for a second series of bbc period drama poldark. bbc1 boss charlotte moore confirmed that turner 's broody ross would return for another series , alongside actress eleanor tomlinson , who plays love interest -- and now wife -- demelza .. ` i can exclusively announce that sunday night 's new phenomenon poldark that has captured the nation 's hearts has been commissioned for a second series , ' mrs moore said , adding that the series had helped bbc1 to an ` outstanding start ' this year .. about 8.1 million people on average have watched each episode , helping the flagship bbc channel attract more than a quarter of television viewers in evenings , when the battle for attention is most competitive .. the series , based on winston graham 's novels , follows ross poldark after he returns from the american war of independence only to find that his father has died and his former fiancée , elizabeth , has married another man .. there are 12 poldark books in total , seven of which are set in the 18th century .. the other five then follow poldark 's children through the 19th century .. the first series of poldark , written by debbie horsfield , covers the first of mr graham 's two novels , named after ross poldark and demelza .. successful role : aidan has won legions of dedicated fans since stripping off as the swoon-worthy captain ross poldark in the revival of the 1970s tv show. the second series will move on to the third and fourth books , named after their child , jeremy , and scheming banker george warleggan .. women up and down the country watched on tenterhooks as poldark 's affections shifted to his kitchen maid demelza .. but it is the scenes featuring turner in a state of undress which sent them into the biggest frenzy .. many have taken to twitter to express their approval whenever he appears without his shirt -- working with a scythe in the fields or swimming naked in the sea .. ` if poldark gets any hotter we 'll have to call the fire brigade , ' one viewer commented .. the current show , with the sixth episode of eight this weekend , has not reached the popularity of the 1970s adaptation , which brought in 15million viewers .. hard worker : the 31-year-old actor recently admitted that working on his honed physique came as a challenge to him , so he 'll have to get back to the gym ahead of the second series. popular : poldark has garnered audiences of around 8m every sunday night
( cnn ) the powers of marvel 's all-star superheroes go a bit wobbly in " avengers : age of ultron . ". faced with the daunting prospect of topping the surprise and excitement of 2012 's the avengers , the third highest-grossing film of all time , writer-director joss whedon mixes some brooding down-time in with the abundant spectacle .. to be sure , series junkies will get their fix from the sheer massiveness of the exploits , but at least two of the big action scenes are lackluster , while the climax and resolution could have been worked out in more complex , less rote ways , so as to further increase intrigue and anticipation for " avengers : infinity war parts 1 and 2 , " already scheduled for release in may of 2018 and 2019 , respectively .. not that any of this will matter much , since the pent-up excitement among the enormous international fan base is so intense that nothing will keep the summer 's presumed biggest franchise blockbuster from soaring to and beyond the one-billion dollar threshold internationally .. hands-on producer kevin feige and his associates have built a cinematic empire quite unprecedented in hollywood history , a veritable solar system of staggeringly profitable individual franchises unified by the overpowering collective force of the avengers .. so while sideline enterprises like the new " daredevil " tv series continue to pop up , the company can be so confident in the enduring appeal of its theatrical mainstays that it recently published a release schedule for its remaining big-gun commercial titles from now through the end of the decade .. at this point , no one would be willing to bet on when a sense of terminal deja vu might set in to bring it all to an end , and comic-con can plan its main events years ahead .. in the meantime , the key points of interest surround how many surprises and twists can be wrung from a format and set of expectations that demand great fealty from core fans ; any significant deviations are taken as personal betrayals by the hardest-core geeks .. last summer , " guardians of the galaxy " showed that marvel could play it a bit more fast and loose than it generally does , but the big-name franchises still seem sacrosanct .. and so it is with " avengers : age of ultron , " which at moments takes a peek down some shadowy side roads but ends up mostly zooming along the main highway to deliver what the audience wants rather than something even a little bit different .. picking up where last year 's " captain america : winter soldier " left off , the new film , without preamble , dives right in to show the avengers dispatching the remnants of the nasty hydra organization in a hectically and indifferently staged forest combat scene that leaves clint barton/hawkeye ( jeremy renner ) worse for wear while also introducing two new adversaries , twins pietro and wanda ( aaron-taylor johnson and elizabeth olsen ) .. victory allows for some passably amusing scenes of the heroes blowing off steam : the favorite party trick of thor ( chris hemsworth ) is to challenge all comers to lift up his hammer ; natasha/black widow ( scarlett johansson ) and bruce banner/the hulk ( mark ruffalo ) pursue a little mating dance in which her amorous interest is predicated upon his retaining his human rather than superhero form ; and tony stark/iron man ( robert downey jr. ) and steve rogers/captain america ( chris evans ) take stock of the advances their old nazi nemesis strucker ( thomas kretschmann ) appears to be making in the artificial intelligence department , specifically with the most sophisticated humanoid ever devised , ultron ( voiced with marvelous robotic nuance by james spader ) .. what 's behind warner bros. ' risky move to release nine movies. ultron is a cool and sophisticated creation ; what he lacks , of course , is a heart , which is what makes him such an imposing villain .. a sleekly designed robot you might even call handsome , he makes an excellent intellectual and smart-ass sparring partner for stark , but when he first appears , he 's still on training wheels .. however , he does recruit pietro and wanda to his cause , an easy matter since stark killed their parents .. he 's not yet entirely ready to conquer the universe but , in their first skirmish with him , the avengers are sufficiently outclassed to begin worrying .. could ` star wars ' open at $ 500 million ?. licking their wounds at the " safe house " of hawkeye 's farm , the avengers go into a funk .. the impatient thor quickly takes off " to find answers , " bruce resists natasha 's desire to get something physical cooking between them ; stark , lamenting that " ultron is tryng to tear us apart , " consults with old cohort nick fury ( samuel l. jackson , briefly ) , while mad men 's linda cardellini , playing hawkeye 's stand-by-your-man wife , is stuck with the ( intentionally ? ). funniest line of dialogue in the film : " you know i totally support your avenging . ". while some of his partners wallow in disarray , captain america heads for seoul , where the next evolutionary step is to emerge via a device called " the cradle , " which will hatch mass-produced android soldiers that will pave the way for ultron 's world domination .. but a major chase through the city involving a runaway subway train falls flat due to basic conceptual silliness and poor action continuity .. of course , the avengers ultimately get it together to do the kind of butt-kicking they 're supposed to do , and a very welcome addition to the team comes in the form of the android called vision .. red-faced and green-garbed , vision is given a striking profile and overall presence by paul bettany ( heretofore limited in the marvel world to vocal work as stark 's computerized butler j.a.r.v.i.s. ) , and it can be hoped , if not assumed , that this most intriguing character will play an even more important role in the final two avengers installments .. ` galaxy quest ' tv series in the works. ultimately , whedon 's efforts to invest the heroes with a degree of uncertainty and vulnerability comes off as half-baked , as such an effort can only go so far due to the nature of the material .. after all , these are comic book characters defined by their double identities ; a third dimension is neither required nor perhaps even desired .. if ending on a dramatic cliffhanger note had been desired , the elements were there for the taking ; including a semi-tragic component along with mystery about ultron 's ultimate fate would arguably have only further cranked up anticipation for the coming chapters .. but , then , what does that matter when the automatic attendance of millions is assured ?. " avengers : age of ultron " succeeds in the top priority of creating a worthy opponent for its superheroes and giving the latter a few new things to do , but this time the action scenes do n't always measure up and some of the characters are left in a kind of dramatic no-man 's - land .. the returning series actors acquit themselves in the expected agreeable manner , while series newcomer andy serkis has a terrific couple of minutes as a tough but stressed south african criminal .. © 2015 the hollywood reporter .
the middle east crisis deepened today as the us warned it will not ` stand by ' while iran supports rebels in yemen .. secretary of state john kerry said washington would not accept foreign interference in the country in a direct criticism of tehran 's backing of shiite houthi fighters .. it comes as a saudi-led coalition continues to pound anti-government forces in yemen at the start of a third week of bombing .. us secretary of state john kerry has warned that the us will not ` stand by ' while iran supports rebels in yemen. a member of the saudi border guard is stationed at a look-out point on the saudi-yemeni border today .. a saudi-led coalition is continuing to pound anti-government forces in yemen. mr kerry told pbs television : ` there have been - there are , obviously - flights coming from iran .. every single week there are flights from iran and we 've traced it and know this .. ` iran needs to recognise that the united states is not going to stand by while the region is destabilised or while people engage in overt warfare across lines , international boundaries in other countries . '. the united states has backed the saudi-led campaign , which launched air strikes last month as the rebels advanced on yemen 's main southern city of aden after seizing the capital sanaa .. president abedrabbo mansour hadi fled aden for saudi arabia during the houthi advance and the city has since seen heavy clashes between pro and anti-government forces .. riyadh has accused tehran , the major shiite power , of backing the rebels in a bid to establish a pro-iran state on its doorstep .. but iranian foreign minister mohammed javad zarif insisted his government wanted a swift end to the fighting , which has cost more than 640 lives since march 19 , according to the world health organization .. military force : saudi army tanks are seen deployed near the saudi-yemeni border , in southwestern saudi arabia. patrol : saudi guards drive tanks and armed vehicles along the border with yemen. mr kerry , fresh from world powers striking a framework agreement with iran on its nuclear programme , said washington was not looking for confrontation with tehran .. ` but we 're not going to step away from our alliances and our friendships and the need to stand with those who feel threatened as a consequence of the choices that iran might be making . '. in another sign of growing us support for the saudi effort , the pentagon said it had started daily aerial refuelling for warplanes in the coalition .. the first refuelling flight took place on tuesday night with a us air force kc-135 stratotanker providing fuel for a f-15 fighter jet operated by saudi arabia and an f-16 flown by the united arab emirates , spokesman colonel steven warren said .. iran 's supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei has warned that last week 's framework accord with world powers was no guarantee of a final nuclear deal .. and president hassan rouhani said separately that the islamic republic would not sign any final agreement unless ` all economic sanctions are totally lifted on the same day ' .. ` what has been done so far does not guarantee an agreement , nor its contents , nor even that the negotiations will continue to the end , ' said khamenei , who has the final word on all matters of state .. after a week of gruelling last-ditch negotiations , tehran and the six powers agreed on april 2 on the framework of a deal to be finalised by the end of june reining in iran 's nuclear programme in return for the lifting of international sanctions .. ` everything is in the detail , it may be that the other side , which is unfair , wants to limit our country in the details , ' khamenei said , in his first comments on the deal .. iran 's supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei has warned that last week 's framework accord with world powers was no guarantee of a final nuclear deal. playing down expectations of a deal after the interim accord - which sparked celebrations in the streets of iranian cities - khamenei said he had not taken any position until now as ` there is nothing to take a stance on ' .. ` officials say that nothing has been done yet and there is nothing binding .. i am neither for nor against . '. under the outline text agreed in the swiss city of lausanne between tehran and the so-called p5 +1 powers - the united states , britain , china , france and russia plus germany - iran must significantly reduce its number of centrifuges in exchange for a suspension of sanctions .. the outline was a major breakthrough in a 12-year international crisis over iran 's nuclear programme . '. i have always supported and still support the iranian negotiating team , ' khamenei said . '. i welcome any agreement that protects the interests and greatness of the nation , but having no agreement is more honourable than an agreement in which the interests and greatness of the nation is damaged . '. iranian president hassan rouhani said the islamic republic would not sign any final agreement unless ` all economic sanctions are totally lifted on the same day '. he said that retaining a civil nuclear industry in any agreement was vital for iran 's future development .. ` the nuclear industry is a necessity , for energy production , for desalination , and in the fields of medicine , agriculture and other sectors , ' he said .. in a potential obstacle to any final deal , rouhani said his country wanted sanctions lifted on the day of the implementation of any agreement .. ` we will not sign any agreements unless on the first day of the implementation of the deal all economic sanctions are totally lifted on the same day , ' he said .. the pace at which the sanctions will be lifted is one of the outstanding issues that still has to be agreed in the final accord .. western governments , which have imposed their own sanctions over and above those adopted by the united nations , have been pushing for it to happen only gradually .. ` in return for iran 's future cooperation , we and our international partners will provide relief in phases from the sanctions that have impacted iran 's economy , ' us secretary of state john kerry said last week .. rouhani , who was speaking on iran 's national nuclear technology day , reiterated that his government remained determined to develop its civil nuclear programme .. ` we will have a tanker sortie every day , ' warren said , adding that all flights will be outside of yemeni air space .. the air strikes killed at least 14 rebel fighters in aden overnight thursday at positions near the northern edge of the city , a source in pro-government forces told afp .. air strikes also hit a military camp in the southern shabwa province that was seized by the houthis ' main allies - security forces who have remained loyal to former strongman ali abdullah saleh , a local official said .. the official had no information on casualties among the forces loyal to saleh , who has been accused of joining with the houthis after being ousted from power in 2012 after an arab spring-inspired uprising .. yemen has been wracked by conflict since saleh 's ouster , with hadi unable to assert government authority in a deeply tribal country riven by divisions .. supporters of the shiite houthi militia brandish their weapons in the yemeni capital sanaa .. washington has said it will not accept foreign interference in the country. conflict : yemeni supporters of the southern seperatist movement fire towards houthi rebels during clashes in the southern city of aden yesterday. as well as the houthis , who hail from yemen 's north , the government has struggled against al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula ( aqap ) , considered the most dangerous of the jihadist network 's branches .. authorities in yemen had for years allowed washington to carry out a drone war against aqap but us forces pulled out of the country amid the latest unrest .. al-qaeda has taken advantage of the chaos to seize control of some areas and carried out a series of deadly attacks on both government forces and the houthis .. as the fighting and air campaign drag on , concern has been growing for what aid workers say is a mounting humanitarian crisis .. some aid trickled in to aden by ship on wednesday but efforts by the international committee of the red cross to organise flights of cargo planes into sanaa have so far failed .. in aden , witnesses have said the situation is dire , with bodies lying in the streets and mosques calling through loudspeakers for help .. smoke and flames rise from shiite houthi rebel camps following an airstrike by the saudi-led allianceearlier this week. a yemeni child receives treatment at the burns unit of a hospital in sanaa , following a reported airstrike by the saudi-led coalition earlier this month. diplomatic efforts have stepped up to resolve the conflict , with the iranian and pakistani foreign ministers pledging to work to find a negotiated solution .. zarif laid out a four-stage plan for talks , calling for an immediate ceasefire followed by humanitarian assistance , dialogue among yemenis and the formation of an ` all-inclusive government ' .. turkish president recep tayyip erdogan was also quoted on thursday as calling for a regional effort to end the fighting .. ` the groups in yemen should meet and work on possible solution .. saudi arabia , turkey and iran should be involved in efforts for a diplomatic solution , ' erdogan was quoted as saying by turkish media .
sometimes , putting up a billboard just is n't quite enough - so a group of russian entrepreneurs have come up with a new way to get you message out : on the breasts of a beautiful woman .. companies tittygram and titisign have popped up in russia offering the eyebrow raising service and are , by all accounts , causing quite a stir .. indeed , it has already caught the attention of one big company , which jumped at the chance to advertise its whoppers .. cleavage : burger king has become one of the first big companies to take advantage of thi type of advertising. from the heart of russia : two companies now offer to write on a woman 's cleavage and take a snap. burger king 's russian branch posted a picture of a woman with ' i love burger king ' emblazoned across her chest , courtesy of tittygram , on its vk page , the country 's version of facebook .. the message above reads : ` do you want your name to be written here ?. ` every week the most active participant will get such a named postcard from us !. ` not only our whoppers are prepared on fire , everything we have is on fire as well ! '. and it has certainly brought them a fair amount of attention , with hundreds of ` likes ' and countless comments - although they are not all positive .. what 's more , as advertising campaigns go , it is incredibly cheap : for as little as $ 6 , or # 4 , they promise to get your message across in a way which is certain to grab attention .. versatile : the picture can then be used as either a personal message , or advertising , and cost just # 4. eyebrow raising : but the use of a woman 's cleavage as advertising space has not been universally popular. according to the global post , tittygram was set up earlier this year , with titisign following in its footsteps more recently .. both offer a similar service , asking people to send their messages in , at which point a model writes the message on her breasts and then takes the requisite photo .. the english website for titisign boasts : ` stave off boredom !. send your communication on the bosom of russian beauties -- knock your friends ' socks off , advertise your business and make unforgettable gifts !. ` say hello from the heart of russia ! '. boasts : ` knock your friends ' socks off , advertise your business and make unforgettable gifts , ' says titisign. alexey gavrilov , co-founder of titisign , revealed to mailonline the company gets a range of requests for messages - from ` farewell , semyonych .. with best wishes for your wedding day ' to ` do not play with heart - it is one .. play with boobs - there are two of them ' .. the women , he reveals , are not all professional models .. ` we invite not only professional models who are interested in our project and like our idea , but beautiful girls , ' he explained .. ` some of our models we find in professional community - we have photographers in our team - and some of them we find through social networks , others find us themselves . '. however , as one vk user points out , when advertising ` it is necessary find something that is interesting to everyone ' - and this certainly is not .
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century .. evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors including not only the quality and excitement of the action but the political , social and cultural undertones , the scale of expectation and outside influences .. where money man v pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena .. in this , the fourth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , i look back on one of the greatest sporting events of all time .. the fight voted the greatest sporting event of the 20th century .. the fight which crossed oceans and continents .. the fight which drove boxing through social barriers .. the fight which put a shadowy central african republic on the world map .. the fight which established muhammad ali as the most recognisable human being on earth .. the fight which made george foreman famous in defeat .. the fight about which millions of words have been written and movies made .. a photograph taken on october 30 , 1974 , shows muhammad ali ( left ) and george foreman ( right ). usa 's foreman ( right ) approaches his compatriot ali ( left ) during the iconic rumble in the jungle in 1974. the rumble in the jungle was the brainchild of promotional genius don king backed by the multi-million dollar investment through which zaire president mobuto sese seko hoped to excite his people into keeping him in power .. king had persuaded ali and foreman to sign $ 5million contracts which he could not afford but would talk president mobuto into bank-rolling .. march 8 , 1971 , madison square garden , new york. july 4 , 1910 , reno , nevada. june 22 , 1938 , yankee stadium , new york. as the 25-year-old world heavyweight champion with enormous punching power foreman was odds-on favourite to crush the brilliance of the man they called the greatest but who , at 32 and diminished by his three-and-a-half-year banishment from the ring for refusing to go to war in vietnam , was perceived as a fading force .. ali went to work on foreman 's psyche from the moment the circus arrived in kinshasa , turning up at his training session to mock big george for his size and make fun of his intellect .. the irritating effect on foreman was prolonged after he suffered an eye-cut in sparring , the date of the fight was put back more than a month and king , fearful of cancellation , insisted they stayed in zaire instead of taking a break back in america .. ali also charmed the local population , who happily took to the streets throughout those weeks chanting ` ali , boma-ye ' -- ` ali , kill him . '. the fight developed into a tactical triumph for ali , albeit a self-punishing one which may have contributed to the subsequent onset of parkinson 's which afflicts him now .. ali ( left ) often found himself against the ropes in a strategy which even surprised his trainer angelo dundee. ali spent much of his time against the ropes , inviting foreman to punch himself out before landing his blow. in a strategy which he later entitled ` rope-a-dope ' -- and which came as a surprise to everyone including his fabled trainer angelo dundee - ali spent much of his time lolling against the ropes , inviting foreman to punch himself out .. big george duly obliged by throwing hundreds of blows in the first seven rounds .. ali evaded many of those punches and blocked numerous with his arms but he had to withstand the brute force of those which got through his defences .. the verbal taunting went on .. ` they told me you could punch , george , ' he said as foreman began to flag .. ` is that all you got , george ? '. he rasped as foreman connected to the ali chin with virtually the last of the punches which had knocked out many a former foe .. it had not been all negative .. throughout , ali had peppered the swelling foreman face with break-out with lightning combinations and the steamy 4 am heat had contributed to the weakening process .. foreman , the world heavyweight champion , is down on count two after being struck by ali 's right-hander. ali looks on after he knocked foreman to the canvas with the holy mother of all right-handers during the bout. come the eighth round , come the coup de grace .. a succession of right hooks , a two-fisted burst and then a left-hook which straightened up big george to receive the holy mother of all right-handers .. foreman staggered to his feet at the count of nine but referee zack clayton knew he was finished .. astonishment around the satellite world .. foreman would eventually emerge from denial to become ali 's great friend , an inspiring christian preacher and the seller of countless top-of-the-range barbecues .. ali was still the greatest .. ali 's staff and the referee put their arms around ali after he settled the rumble in the jungle in 1974
it 's not every day two senior barristers in the nation 's highest court go head to head over the fate of a pooch on death row .. but on tuesday in canberra that 's exactly what happened .. condemned staffordshire terrier izzy is set to be destroyed after she bit a woman in august 2012 after escaping from her owner tania isbester 's backyard in the basin , east melbourne , victoria .. lawyers for victorian woman tania isbester appealed to the high court hoping to have her staffordshire terrier , deemed aggressive by knox city council , saved from being put down .. the woman who izzy bit suffered a 1.5 cm to her finger on august 4 in 2012 , which is deemed as a ` serious injury ' under the domestic animal act in victorian law , and izzy was seized by the council in june 2013 .. this is the first time a dog on death row is having its case heard in australia 's highest court .. condemned staffordshire terrier izzy is set to be destroyed but could be saved by a final high court bid. richard kendall qc , representing ms isbester , argued a member of the panel which determined izzy 's fate had a conflict of interest .. kirsten hughes investigated the attack izzy made in august 2012 and presented evidence at a later magistrates court hearing in which ms isbester pleaded guilty .. ms hughes then informed her about a panel hearing to determine the dog 's fate , before participating in it and helping to draw up the final reasons , mr kendall said .. ` ms hughes had a fundamental part in the process of decision making , ' he told the court , claiming she was both the accuser and acting as judge .. justice patrick keane took exception to that characterisation criticising the lawyer for ` sliding into personal attacks ' .. ` well , i 'll desist , ' mr kendall conceded .. lawyers for the council argued there was no judge in the case , but rather an administrator making an administrative decision .. stephen donaghue qc acknowledged ms hughes played a role on the panel , but said the final decision was made by another member .. ms isbester had three staffordshire terriers , including izzy , which were involved in attacks on other dogs after escaping from her backyard in the basin , a suburb in melbourne 's east .. in 2013 she pleaded guilty to a charge relating to an 1.5 cm cut allegedly caused by izzy on the middle finger of a woman trying to pull the dog away from her daughters .. a dog on death row will for the first time in history have its case heard in the high court of australia. the dog has been housed by the rspca since it was seized two years ago , sparking a lengthy legal battle .. lawyers representing the dog at no cost to the client say the local council that is fighting for izzy 's destruction in the high court is wasting public money by perusing the case .. city of knox council has refused rspca south australia 's offer to rehabilitate the pet and assume all liability for her at no extra cost from the time of collection .. ` the council is prepared to spend a six figure sum fighting to kill a dog when they might lose in the high court , ' barrister graeme mcewen , founder of the barristers animal welfare panel told daily mail australia .. ` no dog should be allowed to be killed by a council expect by court order , ' mr mcewen argued .. in normal circumstances izzy 's case would never have made it to the high court but her fate has taken an unusual twist due to the manner in which the local council made in administrative decision for her to be put down .. in a letter to the city of knox council , the ceo of rspca sa tim vasudeva , wrote an offer to assess and then possibly rehabilitate and rehome izzy at no cost to the council instead of seeing her destroyed .. the letter , seen by daily mail australia and written on september 9 , 2014 , said :. ` as discussed late last week , i can confirm that rspca south australia would be happy to transport the dog known as izzy ( owned by tania isbester ) to our lonsdale animal shelter here in adelaide in order for her to undergo an extensive behavioural assessment under the guidance of our qualified behaviourists . '. ` this would involve a wide variety of behavioural interactions and analysis both inside and outside kennels , in our indoor behavioural centre and our outdoor fenced enclosures .. the purpose of this would be to determine , in as thorough a manner as possible , the rehabilitation prospects of this dog .. ` we are able to arrange collection and transport at no expense to knox city council .. rspca south australia are prepared to take izzy into our care and custody and assume all liability for this dog from the time of collection . '. in september 2013 , izzy 's owner ms isbester pleaded guilty to charges of her dog causing ` serious injury ' at ringwood magistrates court but the local council , the city of knox , did not apply for a destruction order on izzy from the magistrate at that time .. if they had applied for the order from the magistrate , the question of whether the penalty ( death ) was proportionate to the injury caused ( a 1.5 centimetre cut ) would have been raised on appeal to a judge at the county court .. instead , the council ruled that the dog should be destroyed during a council panel meeting .. during the panel hearing , which took place on 30 september , 2013 , at knox civil centre , one of the people on the panel was the same council officer who brought the charges against izzy 's owner ms isbester .. the team of barristers fighting izzy 's case from the barristers animal welfare panel , including richard kendall qc and andrew felkel , is now challenging the decision that the panel came to based on administrative law grounds .. ` the council officer who brought the charges then sat as a member of the three person panel which decided to put the dog down , ' mr mcewen told daily mail australia .. ` the question of law is whether a fair minded observer might think that the accuser sitting on a panel is a ) a conflict of interest or b ) with a disposition of pre judgement . '. izzy has been living in a cage at the rspca centre in victoria for more than 21 months while the legal battle has played out .. victoria 's highest court first upheld the decision to destroy her on september 10 , 2014 , but the barristers have now been granted special leave permission to appeal to the high court of australia .. mr mcewen admitted : ` it 's a bit of a story . '. ` only one in ten cases get through on special leave application . '. in a letter to the city of knox council , the ceo of rspca sa tim vasudeva , wrote an offer to assess and then possibly rehabilitate and rehome her at no cost to the council instead of seeing her destroyed .. but the council knocked back the offer .. ` rather than accept the offer and bring the matter to an end - avoiding legal proceedings at cost and removing her from their municipal boundaries of city of knox - and not leaving a family heartbroken ... the city of knox refuses and now they have got to fight in the high court , ' mr mcewen said .
three 's company : rebecca and husband harry settle in at anantara the palm jumeirah. my husband harry and i knew this was going to be a landmark holiday - the last one on our own for a long time .. our baby girl is due on june 4 and , when we touched down in dubai , i was 28 weeks pregnant .. you ca n't fly after that without a doctor 's note .. we had left it until the last minute and , by the time we arrived , both of us were ready to relax .. i 'd been to dubai once before as a swimmer , when we stayed in an apartment .. this was completely different - and utterly amazing .. the anantara is part of the palm project and is like nowhere else .. because it has over-the-water bungalows there were times when it felt like we were in the maldives , but when we went to the australian themed restaurant , i imagined i was back in the jungle on i 'm a celebrity -- even though there were n't any luxuries in that jungle .. you have to see dubai to believe it .. everything is so clean , luxurious and new -- even the main tourist areas .. and everywhere hotels are being built .. we kept asking ourselves how they will all survive , but somehow they will .. our room was on the lagoon , which meant we had direct access to the water .. we tended to spend a couple of hours in the morning by the main pool , then , after lunch , we retreated to our gorgeous room , where we had sun beds on the balcony .. harry is doing a graphic design course back home and so he spent some time each day on his studies .. by 4pm , it gets hazy in dubai .. some days we went for a wander around the whole resort , which is about two miles round but it is cleverly laid out .. jump in : the anantara has three turquoise-blue ` lagoons ' ideal for swimmers of all experience levels. we had a lot of time to think and to discuss what name we should give our baby .. we always wanted to know what to expect -- we 're having a girl -- because we are both impatient people and are keen to plan ahead , but we ca n't agree on a name .. naming something before you see it is strange and it 's vital that her first name goes with her last , which will be harry 's name , needs .. we want a name that wo n't sound as if she is ` needy ' , if you see what i mean .. one day , we went out on a boat and i hoped to see david beckham 's house , but no one seemed sure where it was exactly .. but what we did see were some of the most expensive properties ever .. there 's a lot of money splashing around in this part of the world .. we also made a trip to the famous dubai mall , which is bigger than a football stadium -- or so it seems .. we bought our not-born-yet baby her first swimsuit .. it has a french look to it , with jaunty stripes .. my plan is to take her swimming as soon as i can .. it 's something we will always be able to do together .. retail therapy : rebecca adlington did a spot of shopping at the famous ( and enormous ) dubai mall. more importantly , i regard swimming as a valuable life skill and i was surprised to see at the hotel that some children had never learned .. that 's why i 've started becky adlington swim stars for three to 11-year-olds .. already we have 17 venues taking part and 3,500 children are learning to swim with us .. there were lots of british people in the hotel and they were all very friendly .. it never bothers me if someone wants to come up and have a chat or have a photograph taken .. athletes are different to film stars in that people see us as we are , not playing a particular role .. and we are used to having a microphone shoved in our faces immediately after we have competed .. it teaches you to be natural .. one thing i enjoyed at the anantara was looking at all the baby equipment people have .. it started to give me ideas .. i was also pleased to see how kind everyone was to the children .. the staff went out of their way to be helpful .. this is a real family resort .. paradise pictured : the anantara offers over-the-water villas which provide the perfect sea view. after i retired from competitive swimming at the age of 23 , i did n't go near a pool for six months .. then i started to swim again as a way to keep fit and i still love it .. i love the feeling of being weightless and this is especially welcome when you 're pregnant .. harry and i went to the gym a few times at the hotel and i did a bit of this and that , but i am not used to high-impact sport .. a gym is difficult on my knees .. there is not the tiniest bit of me that ever wants to compete again .. as an athlete , i was so focused and driven and i left the sport knowing that i could not have given more of myself .. all that training was really tough , but i chose to do it .. flashback : rebecca survived daunting trials when she appeared on i 'm a celebrity ... in 2013. now , i have a chance to get on with the rest of my life and i 'm excited about that , too .. it gives me an opportunity to try new things -- like coming to dubai with harry and spending most of the time lying around .. in the australian restaurant , an arab man came up to me and said he recognised me .. ` you 'll feel at home in this restaurant , then ? '. ` i 'm not australian . '. ` because you were on that programme in the jungle , ' he said , without mentioning my swimming .. i am so pleased to have done i 'm a celebrity .. it helped me find my feet and i 've always loved ant and dec. .. but it was scary not knowing what would happen and suddenly finding myself with 11 strangers .. what 's for sure is that it really made me appreciate a holiday like the one in dubai .. jasmine holidays ( 0333 7000 747 , www.jasmineholidays.co.uk ) offers seven nights ' stay at the dubai palm , anantara on a half-board basis - from # 1,150 per person , based on two adults sharing , including flights and transfers .. daily mail readers receive a # 100 discount when quoting ref dm2015 .
it seems like an idyllic smattering , with nothing more to worry about than sun , sea , sand and where the next cocktail is coming from .. but one organisation is asking tourists to investigate before heading to the exclusive holiday destination to ensure they are not visiting a resort associated with human rights abuses .. known for pristine beaches and crystal clear water , the maldives has recently come under scrutiny after the country 's former president , mohammad nasheed , was found guilty of terrorism charges earlier this year .. ethical maldives alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott ` high risk ' resorts linked to human rights abuses. now , the ethical maldives alliance is encouraging tourists to consider the instability in the region when booking their accommodation .. the alliance has crafted a list of over 100 well-known hotels and is urging visitors to consult the guide before travelling .. although very little detail is provided when it comes to the alliance 's rationale for dubbing certain resorts to be ` high risk , ' it has colour-coded the hotels into three categories .. those to be avoided are labelled red , those coded as green are considered to be ` low risk ' and orange hued businesses are ` under consideration . '. ` while okay to visit in the short term , there is a possibility that they will be on the ` to avoid ' list in the longer term , ' the website reads .. ` therefore , early reservations for visits later in the year should be avoided . '. the group claims that the ` red ' or ` orange ' resorts are directly or indirectly linked to human rights abuses .. hotels are coded as ` low risk , ' ` high risk , or ` under consideration ' depending on their ties to corruption. by boycotting , the alliance hopes that tourists will help to make a difference in protecting and promoting democracy , while not adversely effecting the maldivian economy .. ` with a long and sad history of corruption , political oppression and human rights abuses , maldives ' first attempts at democratic reform are now faltering , ' a statement on the alliance 's website reads .. crime is reportedly on the rise as a result of support for ` extreme gangs , ' which are supported by police to suppress any dissent .. ` uncontrolled corruption starting at the very top of all branches of government filters down through all levels of society , making life very difficult for the average maldivian . '. though most resorts are categorised as ` low risk , ' conrad maldives rangali island is listed as one to avoid. while most resorts are categorised as ` low risk , ' several top name hotels have been included on the alliance 's list of those to avoid .. among them , the conrad maldives rangali island .. ` ethical maldives evaluates resorts and other businesses on ethics-based criteria , ' the website reads .. ` these include owners ' support for governments that perpetuate corruption , intimidation and oppression , measures relevant to the environment and social responsibility . '. in response to allegations presented by the ethical maldives association , the high commission of the maldives told mailonline travel : ` resorts appear to be categorised not on the basis of any practices in their resorts , but on the basis of alleged links of their owners to the government of the maldives .. ` with only two resort groups targeted and very little information about the identities of those behind ` the ethical maldives alliance , ' it is difficult to discern the true intentions and objectives of the website .. ` over the past months , the maldives ' young democratic institutions have proven themselves in challenging circumstances , while the government of the maldives has maintained a positive , engagement-first approach with international stakeholders .. ` the government of the maldives will always remain committed to promoting development , human rights and the ethical values that we all hold dear . '. mailonline has reached out to both the ethical maldives alliance and a spokesperson for the conrad maldives rangali island resort for comment .
the australian government has won its bid to ban the boss of the nation 's biggest bikie gang from australia after the federal court ruled unanimously against alex vella re-entering the country .. three federal court judges ruled that vella , 61 - who is regularly described as a millionaire businessman - be prohibited from returning after the government cancelled the rebels bikie gang president 's visa while he was overseas in his native malta last year .. in a judgement obtained by daily mail australia , the court this week ordered vella , who has painted himself as a nelson mandela-like figure and sold stubby holders and t-shirts to fund his legal battle , pay all court costs .. the decision strands vella in malta , leaving behind in australia 24 close family members including a wife , sons and an elderly mother , all of whom are australian citizens .. known as ` the maltese falcon ' , vella is the longtime boss of the rebels , which federal court documents obtained by daily mail australia say are involved in drug dealing , money laundering , serious assaults , kidnapping , extortion , firearms offences , threatening law enforcement officers and intimidating court witnesses .. banned for life : rebels bikie gang president alex vella ( left , dressed for court and , right , in bike gear ) says he is a god-fearing , law-abiding family man who just likes riding motorcycles .. the federal court this week banned him from australia and police say he led a violent gang involved in kidnapping , extortion and drug dealing. not welcome : alex vella ( pictured , centre ) , millionaire businessman and president of the rebels outlaw motorcycle gang since 1973 , has failed to stop the government 's cancellation of his visa while he was overseas , leaving him stranded in malta and unable to return to his family in australia. police identify the rebels as ` one of australia 's highest risk criminal threats ' and say its exiled president vella ` continues to to exert significant influence ' over the group .. in this week 's court judgement obtained by daily mail australia , mr vella claimed the federal immigration minister had ` failed to afford him natural justice ' .. but new documents released by the federal court reveal that the abbott government is not required to say why it opposed vella 's application for re-entry , other than cite his association with a criminal enterprise .. this week 's order to pay the federal government 's costs in his failed challenge could run into tens of thousands of dollars .. via his facebook page and a website dubbed ` aussie at heart ' , vella has been selling t-shirts and other items emblazoned with his likeness and the motto ` bring him home ' to fund his court challenge .. asking $ 25 for a stubby holder , car sticker and key-ring set , vella used the quote of legendary south african leader mandela , ` to deny people their human rights is to challenge their very humanity ' .. it was under former immigration minister scott morrison that vella applied last year to re-enter australia when morrison cancelled the rebels president 's visa four days after the veteran biker left australia for malta .. peter dutton took over as minister last december .. former immigration minister scott morrison last year moved swiftly to cancel rebels boss alex vella 's visa under grounds the bikie gang leader was linked to kidnapping , extortion and drug running. the minister 's decision relied on detailed intelligence provided by australian crime commission-led task force attero , established in 2012 to ` disrupt , disable and dismantle criminal activities of the rebels mc - one of australia 's highest risk criminal threats ' .. attero investigators allege that under vella 's leadership the rebels have engaged in multiple criminal enterprises .. it is believed the gang has more than 2000 members across the country .. ` the rebels mc membership in australia includes a significant number of individuals with criminal convictions , ' a court document states .. ` between january 20012 and june 2013 , 718 rebels mc members , nominees and associates were either reported or arrested in relation to 1211 charges for offences ranging from violence related offences ( including serious assault , stalking , kidnapping and affray ) , firearms and weapons offences , drugs offences , and property , street and traffic offences .. ` rebels mc members have used violence in a premeditated manner to discipline rebels mc members who have been perceived to have breached rebels mc rules , in disputes with other omcgs , threaten law enforcement officers , intimidate court witnesses and extort businesses and individuals . '. this week 's federal court judgement states that alex vella was born in malta in 1953 , emigrated to australia aged 14 in 1967 and has been president of the rebels motorcycle club since 1973 .. he never became an australian citizen .. mr vella has a wife , two sons and two stepsons , nine grandchildren , nine siblings and an elderly mother , all of whom are australian citizens .. the judgement said he left australia for malta on june 9 last year and on june 12 , the department of immigration and border protection applied to cancel his visa .. rebels president alex vella , second from left , has lost his fight against the australian government 's cancellation of his visa to the federal court after a legal battle in which he denied heading a criminal organisation. catering to all budgets : supporters of alex vella 's failed fight to come home were offered a stubby holder , car sticker and key ring for $ 25 or could just make a donation of any size. minister morrison did so the following day on the grounds that vella did not pass the character test by virtue of his association with a group suspected of criminal conduct .. mr vella challenged the visa revocation via his australian lawyers and the case landed in the federal court .. on tuesday this week , justices robert buchanan , geoffrey flick and michael wigney of the federal court unanimously dismissed mr vella 's application and ordered he pay costs .. vella , who has repeatedly denied running a criminal organisation , still has the website alexvella.com.au selling selling $ 50 t-shirts with the mandela quotes on the back .. ` help alex funding his legal fees by purchasing some of these cool items .. ( of course you can also just make a donation without purchasing any items . ) '. ` bring him home ' : supporters of alex vella were asked to help fund the rebels president 's legal fight against the cancellation of his visa by buying $ 50 t-shirts or stubby , car sticker and key ring sets for a mere $ 25. ` to deny people their human rights is to challenge their very humanity ' : alex vella quoted nelson mandela on the back of t-shirts he was selling as part of the millionaire bikie gang leader 's failed bid to be allowed to return to australia. the let alex vella return to australia facebook page has received more than 26,000 likes .. wayne west wrote on wednesday : ` i 'd rather have a rebels clubhouse in my street than a mosque ... '. tony hardacre wrote on the page on april 13 , ` been here 47 years what the f *** is going on he is an australian citizen he should be let back into australia ' .. vella has regularly returned to malta since he moved to australia and was crowned light heavyweight boxing champion of his homeland in 1978 .. true patriot : rebels bikie boss alex vella said he was not a criminal and just wanted to return to australia so he could rejoin his family , run his motorcycle club and continue his charitable good works. sometimes referred to as ` the maltese falcon ' , he has four sons , says he donates generously to charities and is a regular churchgoer .. he describes the rebels as ` family ' and a ` brotherhood ' , not a criminal organisation . '. i have always worked hard and given back to community , ' he states on his website . '. i have always voted and paid tax .. all i want is to be able to return to my home of 46 years and be reunited with my family . '. the attero task force sees him differently , according to court documents .. ` the rebels mc presents a high threat to the australian community , ' the court documents state .. ` this omcg has demonstrated an ability to increase its geographical influence , diversify across illicit drug markets and launder illicit profits .. ` alessio emanuel vella has been the national president of the rebels mc since 1973 .. during this 40 years he has overseen the expansion of the omcg from three original chapters to the largest omcg in australia .. he has and continues to exert significant influence over the rebels mc in australia .. ` mr vella acknowledges he is the national president of the rebels mc .. he also acknowledges he is aware that several members of the rebels mc have been involved in criminal activities .. ` the fact that rebels mc members remain members despite criminal convictions including convictions obtained whilst members of the omcg contradicts mr vella 's assertions the rebels mc does not condone criminal activity by its members , and allow them to remain members .. ` the rebels mc have remained cohesive and disciplined through mr vella 's strong leadership . '. the rebels has expanded from australia to include international chapters in 20 other countries : cambodia , canada , costa rica , croatia , england , fiji , germany , greece , indonesia , italy , laos , lebanon , malta , new zealand , the philippines , singapore , spain , sweden , thailand and the usa .. the attero task force comprises all state and territory police forces as well as the australian crime commission , australian federal police , customs and border protection service , australian tax office , australian securities and investments commission and australian transaction reports and analysis centre .
lucas leiva would like to remind people it is not just steven gerrard playing out his own emotional journey in sunday 's fa cup semi-final against aston villa at wembley .. the brazilian has been at anfield for eight years and holds the unwanted record of playing more games for liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years .. he missed the 2012 league cup final and two other wembley appearances that year with a serious knee injury sustained against chelsea the previous november .. his story might not have the celebrity appeal of gerrard saying goodbye in an fa cup final on his 35th birthday , but the desire to win the cup is just as strong .. lucas has been the longest-serving player at liverpool behind captain steven gerrard ( right ). lucas has played more games for liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years. ` i 've played at the maracana a few times but never at wembley , ' said lucas , 28 .. ` i have been dreaming about it , to be honest .. i 've been at liverpool so long .. gerrard deserves to win the fa cup after what he has done for this club .. he has won many trophies here but a lot of people here have been working for many years and not won as much as him .. we want to win like him . '. when lucas was signed by rafa benitez in 2007 , liverpool had just been in their second champions league final in three seasons .. but he has had to endure turbulent times since then ; four managers and a change of ownership that dragged liverpool into virtual civil war .. not surprisingly , the cup finals and trophies dried up .. ` i did n't think i was going to stay this long .. i felt after the first season i was gone , ' said lucas with a laugh , having been pilloried by the kop during his early days .. ` there have been big changes in the club during my time here and at some point you pay a price for that .. sunday will mark steven gerrard 's 36th , and possibly last , appearance at wembley .. thirty-two of his games have been there for england ( including one at the old wembley ) and three for liverpool .. wembley record for england p32 w24 d4 l4 goals 8. wembley record for liverpool p3 w1 d1 l1 goals 0. makes his england debut at the old wembley the day after his 20th birthday and impresses enough to earn a place in kevin keegan 's euro 2000 squad .. plays for 81 minutes before replaced by kieron dyer .. scores his first goal at the new national stadium when he sidefoots gareth barry 's pass past american goalkeeper brad guzan .. having lifted the league cup earlier in the season , gerrard returned to wembley for a sweet fa cup semi-final victory against their merseyside rivals , with andy carroll heading a late winner .. ` there was discussion about ownership , the court and all that .. we saw a lot of senior players leaving .. this is a chance for our new team to win their first trophy . '. lucas has gone from an impressionable youngster learning from gerrard , pepe reina and xabi alonso to one of the senior voices in the dressing room .. he has seen youngsters raheem sterling and jordon ibe criticised for being photographed with a shisha pipe and said : ` it is hard to give advice because there are so many people always around players .. i just think young players should n't get carried away .. i had real role models in the dressing room like pepe and stevie .. you saw they had success because of the way they do things , not just their talent .. ` ten years ago , players would have more space .. today we go to a restaurant and everyone is filming , recording or taking pictures .. you need to have extra care .. if you are having a glass of wine , then people say you are drunk . '. lucas tries to win a tackle during liverpool 's 2-0 victory at home to newcastle on monday night. lucas celebrates joe allen 's ( right ) second goal for liverpool against newcastle. lucas is desperate to win the fa cup and end his 270-game barren spell at anfield .. the last player to have played more times for liverpool without winning a major trophy was alan o'court who played for the club 345 times between 1952 and 1964 , collecting just a second division championship medal .. liverpool felt so sorry for lucas , who was injured for the 2012 league cup final win , they asked the football league to send him a medal in the post .. liverpool 's improvements under rodgers have not so far translated into silverware .. they finished second to manchester city in a thrilling premier league title race last season and were beaten by eventual winners chelsea in this year 's capital one cup semi-finals .. brendan rodgers knows , with a far stronger squad than he inherited in 2012 , they now have to take the cup competitions seriously .. ` for me , the objective in the first couple of years was getting into the champions league , ' he said .. ` if you look at how we did in the cups we were n't so good .. i felt we did n't have the squad to challenge .. this year we 'd arrived into the champions league and could focus on winning a trophy .. we have got to one semi-final already in the capital one cup and now we 've got another chance .. our vision is to win trophies . '. gerrard has returned to the squad after a three-match ban from being sent off against manchester united. gerrard ( right ) made his wembley debut for england in 2000 in a friendly against ukraine. the return of gerrard into the squad after a three-match ban for stamping on manchester united 's ander herrera is vital to calm any nerves .. in contrast to lucas and others in the liverpool team , he has played at wembley 35 times in his career -- and been on the winning side in 25 of them .. rodgers smiles that he will be ` heartless ' in deciding whether to name his captain in the starting xi but is adamant gerrard will make a big contribution .. ` i 've had a meal with him , talking over things , ' said the manager .. ` i am disappointed i did n't have the chance to work with him for longer .. at 24 , i would have built a team around him like i did with luis suarez .. ` wembley is like his second home .. he knows what it takes to win there .. he 's calm anyway before the games and that is important for us as a team .. everyone respects that i want to do what is best for the team .. status and star quality have never bothered me , really . '
a man charged with assassinating russian opposition leader boris nemstov has told a court he was beaten and pressured into confessing to the murder .. zaur dadaev is accused of being involved in the shooting of the politician in moscow on february 27 , along with four other chechan men .. now russian news agencies have quoted him as telling the court that he had been abducted , beaten and pressured into confessing to nemstov 's murder .. zaur dadaev spoken to the court in moscow via a video link from his prison cell .. dadaev had previously confessed to boris nemstov 's murder but now says he was beaten and pressured into make that statement. dadaev is one of five chechan men who have been accused of killing the opposition leader .. nemstov was shot in the back four times on a bridge close to the kremlin in february , sparking a huge protest march in moscow. dadaev was the only one , according to a judge and investigators , who confessed to the killing .. when he appeared in court in march , dadaev did n't admit his guilt for the murder , and later retracted his confession .. human rights activist andrei babushkin , who visited the suspect in jail last month , said he had seen signs of torture on dadaev 's body .. zaur dadaev retracted his confession for the murder of nemstov last month .. a human rights activist said when he visited him in prison he had abrasions on his body and had suffered multiple injuries. boris nemstov was an outspoken critic of russian president vladimir putin .. it is understood at the time of his death he was working on a report examining russia 's military involvement in the east of ukraine. but the russian state-funded television network russia today claimed human rights activists had found no signs of torture on dadaev 's body when they visited him in custody .. dadaev is being held with his cousins , anzor and shagid gubahsev .. khamzat bakhayev and tamerlan eskerkhanov have also been accused of involvement in nemstov 's murder .. the outspoken politician was shot in the back four times as he crossed a bridge near the kremlin and red square in moscow .. more than 20,000 people marched through the capital city in protest of his murder , holding posters of his face and signs saying : ' i am not afraid ' .. an outspoken critic of putin , investigators say they are still trying to work out who ordered nemstov to be killed .
it was 12 years ago that david seaman pulled off one of the most iconic saves in fa cup history against sheffield united at old trafford - and the former arsenal keeper says it 's the best one he ever made .. arsene wenger 's side were hanging by a thread against their lower league opponents , when paul peschisolido headed what looked like an equaliser but seaman somehow managed to hook it away from goal - leaving players and fans speechless .. the 51-year-old revealed to the daily mirror , that the save was the best of his career and topped his penalty heroics at euro 96 for england .. david seaman says this save against sheffield united was the best one he ever made during his career. the former england international went on the win the fa cup with arsenal in the same season. he said : ' i was fortunate enough to make one or two important saves from penalties for england , but from open play that one at old trafford was probably the best . '. arsenal are in formidable form this season and are currently in the midst of an eight-game winning streak but seaman warns his former side that they should n't underestimate reading .. ` it was special because that was the 1,000 th competitive appearance of my career for arsenal and england , and for the final against southampton , arsene wenger made me captain for the day because patrick vieira was injured , which was obviously a massive honour .. seaman believes the save tops his penalty heroics for england - including the euro 96 shootouts. ` although i did n't know it at the time , it turned out to be my last game for arsenal . '. i went to manchester city in the summer but six months later i had to retire because of a shoulder injury .. ` that shows you should never take anything for granted in football , and i hope we ( arsenal ) are not going to fall into that trap against reading . '. arsene wenger ( left ) has been warned not to underestimate his fa cup semi-final opponents reading
liverpool manager brendan rodgers accepts his side can not afford not to turn up in another big game if their top-four ambitions are to survive .. prior to the international break the reds ' 13-match unbeaten league run was ended at home to champions league-chasing rivals manchester united , leaving them five points adrift of the qualification places .. defeat at third-placed arsenal would be a huge blow to their aspirations of returning to europe 's elite for a second successive season .. liverpool manager brendan rodgers has urged his team to perform well in the clash with arsenal on saturday. rodgers knows they must avoid a repeat of the disappointing first-half display against united which led to their defeat .. ` we 've made it difficult for ourselves because of our last performance and result , but it 's certainly achievable , ' he said of their top-four chances .. ` over the course of the last three months , apart from the last game , we 've performed very well and we have got results . '. i think people might look at it ( the trip to arsenal ) as a must-win game .. for me , it is a must-perform game , we want to perform well and we know that when we do that we 've got every chance of winning , whether that 's at home or away .. rodgers watches over training as he prepares his side to face arsenal at the emirates on saturday. the liverpool boss addresses his players ahead of the pivotal clash with arsenal in north london. ` we 've had a long two weeks , it 's probably one of the few games where after the international break we 've had to suffer a little bit , because we did n't perform and lost , but there is extra motivation there to get something from the game and that is something that we clearly want to achieve .. ` these final eight games are going to be exciting games and there is still every possibility for us to make the top four . '. many see the two sides as being similar in their approach to how they play , particularly in relation to how they like to keep the ball .. that was a feature missing in the united game and it cost them dearly and rodgers has spent a fortnight over the international break assessing where it went wrong after enjoying so much success in the previous three months .. ` our possession was n't good enough in our last game , ' he added .. liverpool captain steven gerrard is suspended having been sent off against manchester united. ` the key for us in the first-half against manchester united was that we did n't keep the ball well enough and , positionally , we were never in position to receive the ball and press the ball .. ` we 've talked about that , we 've analysed that and we 've worked on that ; in order for us to maximise how we 've been working we need to keep the ball better and be technically better .. ` that 's a huge part of our game , and it 's arsenal 's game .. but for us , we 'll go there and tactically we are very clear on the idea of the game and we need to get something from the game , that 's clear .. ` but that was the same before we played the manchester united game ; arsenal was a game that we wanted to ensure that we got at least a point from and that will be the case at the weekend . '. daniel sturridge trained on thursday ahead of liverpool 's trip to arsenal in the barclays premier league. ` we 'll be going there looking forward to the game and really motivated to get back to winning again . '. liverpool have been boosted by striker daniel sturridge 's return to training after a hip injury , while fellow england international adam lallana is also expected to be fit after pulling out of roy hodgson 's squad .. however , they will be missing centre-back martin skrtel , a virtual ever-present in the league this season , as he begins a three-match suspension alongside captain steven gerrard .
bernie ecclestone has urged lewis hamilton to think the unthinkable -- and consider a move from mercedes to ferrari .. formula one 's puppeteer , who still pulls virtually every string in the paddock at the age of 84 , was speaking after calling hamilton in for talks at his office in bahrain .. hamilton , 30 , has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with mercedes .. he says that only small details need finalising , but until the ink is dry there are no guarantees he will stay .. formula one supremo bernie ecclestone with lewis hamilton in bahrain. nico rosberg got the better of mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton in bahrain second practice. rosberg was slower in sectors one and two of fp2 but a mistake from hamilton gifted him first place. hamilton takes a corner in sakhir , bahrain ahead of ferrari driver sebastian vettel. that leaves the door ajar for hamilton to team up with sebastian vettel at ferrari to settle which of the pair , who hold six world titles between them , is the better driver .. ` it would be great to see lewis at ferrari , ' said ecclestone ahead of practice for sunday 's bahrain grand prix .. ` whether sebastian would want that , i really do n't know .. but if lewis went there , it would be great for the sport -- 100 per cent . '. every racer dreams of driving the red car of ferrari and , given their improvement in pace this season , they are an attractive proposition .. hamilton is helped given the fact that ferrari president sergio marchionne has admitted privately that he covets the brit , rating him as the star driver of his generation .. another team principal suggested ferrari might approach hamilton 's camp out of mischief to unsettle mercedes , who remain confident that only legal formalities are delaying them closing the deal .. it also remains to be seen if vettel would veto a move for hamilton .. it is understood that a clause in his contract would allow the german to do so .. for now hamilton is putting his contract negotiations to one side in an attempt to extend his 13-point lead over vettel in the drivers ' championship .. he won a titanic battle at the front in a memorable race here at bahrain 's sakhir international circuit last year against mercedes team-mate nico rosberg .. hamilton 's confidence is high , a result of being in the form of his life .. ` i 've almost surprised myself , ' he said .. ` i have been strong and built on last year .. i have been adapting to things well .. hamilton suffered a lock-up in the second sector of the bahrain international circuit , leaving him in second. sparks fly from the rear end of hamilton 's mercedes during a practice session in bahrain. ` winning a second title gives you an extra hop in your walk .. i 'm enjoying the feeling of the hard work i , and my team , have put in . '. the problem for rosberg is how to stop a rival who is so confident .. he did not manage it in china last week , where the pair rowed over how each conducted his race .. did the bust-up rattle hamilton ?. ` i just try and laugh it off and let it go over my head , ' he said .. ` it 's irrelevant to the race result .. i 'm not one to arrive here and think , " i 've got the upper hand ; just keep going " .. ` i feel very strong in my understanding of the car and what i need to get from the tyres .. my race craft is still there , race pace is good , and then qualifying has picked up a little bit .. that has been a focus for improvement .. ` but even in the last qualifying session my final lap in q3 was not perfect , so i 've still got to improve that .. ` overall i feel that if i remove the power of somebody else to give me confidence or take my confidence away , then i 'm never affected . '. sebastian vettel had issues throughout the day , eventually finishing the second practice in fourth place. vettel finished fourth , behind rosberg , hamilton and third-placed kimi raikkonen in bahrain
these are toxic times on tyneside but the thousands of supporters who boycotted were at least spared another dispiriting display which equalled a club-record rot of six straight defeats in the premier league .. were it not for a freaky five wins on the spin last autumn , the magpies would be headed for the championship .. in fact , head coach john carver fears his side -- the worst in the division on present form -- could yet plummet towards the bottom three .. ` we are in amongst a relegation battle .. leicester , for example , are winning games , but we are n't , ' he said after goals from nacer chadli , christian eriksen and harry kane 's 30th of the season condemned them to a 10th loss in 14 .. christian eriksen celebrates after the swedish midfielder 's curling free-kick misses his team-mates and tim krul in the newcastle goal. nacer chadli tries his luck from 30 yards out to open the scoring for tottenham on the half-hour mark with a well-placed left-footed strike. newcastle players join jack colback as the hard-working midfielder pounces on a loose ball in the penalty area. harry kane celebrates putting the result beyond doubt as spurs claim a 3-1 win over newcastle , who sink to a sixth loss on the bounce. newcastle ( 4-1-4-1 ) : krul 4 ; janmaat 6.5 , williamson 6 , coloccini 6 , anita 6 ( armstrong 75 , 6 ) ; r taylor 6 ; gouffran 4.5 ( ameobi 46 , 6 ) , colback 6.5 , abeid 4.5 ( obertan 46 , 6 ) , cabella 5.5 ; perez 6.5. subs not used : riviere , kemen , sterry , woodman. tottenham ( 4-2-3-1 ) : vorm 6 ; dier 6 , vertonghen 7 , fazio 6 , rose 6.5 ( davies 81 ) ; paulinho 6.5 ( mason 88 ) , bentaleb 6.5 ; lamela 6 , chadli 7.5 ( dembele 78 ) , eriksen 7 ; kane 6.5. subs not used : soldado , yedlin , townsend , friedel. scorers : chadli 30 , eriksen 53 , kane 90. bookings : lamela , vertonghen , paulinho , bentaleb. referee : kevin friend 7 attendance : 47 , 427. eriksen 's free-kick goes direction in from out wide for the winner - click here to see more from sportsmail 's match zone. it 's another defeat and that 's not good enough .. this is the most difficult situation i 've ever been in but i 'm not going to give up on it . '. although the official attendance was returned as a massively inaccurate 47 , 427 -- making it the biggest of the weekend in the top-flight -- estimates had it nearer 40,000 as fans stayed away in protest at mike ashley 's running of the club , which this month returned record profits of # 18.7 million before revealing they have a further # 34m in the bank .. the billionaire will need to part with a sizeable chunk of that cash this summer if newcastle are to avoid a season-long struggle against relegation next time around .. one banner -- unfurled during a pre-match protest outside of the gallowgate end -- captured the mood of frustration and mistrust among supporters -- ` nufc -- balance sheet champions , 2008-2014 ' .. sportsmail 's jamie carragher , meanwhile , launched a scathing attack on ashley .. ` people will say as supporters you 've got to come back , you 've got to get behind your team .. but what are the owners doing for supporters ? '. ` since mike ashley 's been here they 've been relegated once and they could be relegated again .. ` so he 's balanced the books and he 's made money because he 's a businessman , but i think of these people and wonder , " do n't you want to be excited yourself ? ". ` i 'm getting bored by newcastle .. why does mike ashley want the club if there 's nothing happening ?. there 's no cup run , i just do n't get it .. i do n't get why he wants to own a football club . '. the defeat leaves newcastle seven points above the drop zone and carver has previously confessed that he does not know where their next point is coming from .. tottenham striker harry kane at full stretch with of spurs is chased down by newcastle captain fabricio coloccini. after kane was chosen as caretaker of the captain 's armband , jan vertonghen returned to lead tottenham at st james ' park. kane is assessed early in the match after inadvertently being caught in the head by the arm of newcastle 's vernon anita. on this evidence , they may well have to rely on their current tally of 35 being enough .. they were hardly helped here by tim krul .. but perhaps the loss of form of the usually-dependable goalkeeper best represents the problems which have plagued the squad in recent weeks .. the dutch stopper could have done more to keep out chadli 's first-half opener and was again culpable as eriksen struck to restore the lead after jack colback had levelled early in the second half .. chadli appeared to have exhausted his options as he floated in possession 25 yards from goal only to drop his shoulder before slamming into the bottom corner with krul sluggish in his pursuit of the strike .. carver reacted to an insipid first half by hooking the ineffective yoan gouffran and midfielder mehdi abeid and within 20 seconds they were level when colback steamed onto a loose ball inside the area before slotting home .. chadli was given space outside the box and pulled the trigger just as newcastle midfielder jack colback arrived in defence. colback is too late as the belgian laces his shot from range and it nestles in the bottom corner giving newcastle keeper tim krul no chance. chadli celebrates after scoring the goal to send spurs on their way on a tough day for newcastle amid fan protests. chadli leaps in the air with delight after his sublime strike for the opening goal of the match. christian eriksen ( left ) tussles with newcastle 's ryan taylor at st james ' park on sunday. but parity was to last just eight minutes and eriksen 's free-kick -- intended as a cross -- bounced through the weak grasp of krul and into the back of the net .. krul , in fairness , made a string of fine stops to keep newcastle within one but he was powerless to prevent kane rolling beyond him in stoppage-time after he had skipped onto erik lamela 's through-ball .. in doing so kane became the first spurs player since gary lineker in 1992 to score 30 goals in one season .. and the england striker now has lineker 's total of 35 in his sights .. jack colback is in the right place at the right time to pounce on a loose ball in the midfield and equalise for newcastle. colback jumps for joy after his fourth goal of the season , all of which have been scored at newcastle 's home st james ' park. fans applaud while one holds up a ` love nufc , no ashley ' sign , while colback 's newcastle team-mates join in the celebrations. ` i 'm very proud but there are five games left and , hopefully , i 'll get a few more goals , ' he said .. manager mauricio pochettino added : ` we were better than newcastle and deserved the win .. ` for harry , it is a fantastic achievement .. we need to push him now because he has a lot of improvement left in him . '. newcastle , meanwhile , will also need to improve in the final five matches of their sorry season , or risk starting next in the second tier .. eriksen ( right punching the air ) and spurs celebrate after his free-kick saw them regain the lead against united. newcastle keeper krul is left stranded as eriksen 's free-kick misses a line of his own players and curls into the back of the net. spurs midfielder erik lamela ( centre ) gets a talking to before a yellow card comes his way after a sliding tackle on vurnon anita. kane calmly slots tottenham 's third goal in time added on after coming one-on-one with krul. kane 's goal after a quiet game by the prolific striker 's standards brings him back level with sergio aguero as the premier league 's top scorer. a less than full stand at st james ' park watches the action on sunday between newcastle united and tottenham. a plane hired by the supporters of rivals sunderland heap misery on united with a reminder their last five consecutive derby losses. ` we do n't demand a team that wins , we demand a team that tries , ' reads a banner erected outside st james ' park on sunday. a young boy holds up one of the hundreds of ashleyout.com flyers handed out before the match
exeter has been dubbed ` too posh for monopoly ' after game makers were told there is nowhere low-rent enough to fill the space of old kent road. it 's the most popular board game in the world , with hundreds of versions springing up in far-flung cities across the globe .. but monopoly-makers planning a special exeter edition have been told there is nowhere low-rent enough to fill the space of old kent road .. thousands of voters have suggested landmarks across the city in devon to fill the more expensive slots , which are taken up on the london version by the likes of mayfair and park lane .. but no one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the brown sections of the board , which cost $ 60 in monopoly money .. high-end game zones have been easily filled with locations like the city 's gothic cathedral , exeter castle , the guildhall and modern shopping centre .. but exeter has outdone all previous cities to get their own board - including oxford , cambridge and york - in the posh stakes , with no suggestions for the lower end .. game-makers say they have developed boards for cities across the country but have never come across the current dilemma .. exeter city council leader pete edwards said there were no areas suitable for the brown spots , which are taken up in london by old kent road and whitechapel road .. he said : ' i think they will have a problem - there is nowhere cheap in exeter that would be suitable for the old kent road spot . '. i do n't know about being the poshest - but it is such a nice city that no-where really deserves to occupy it .. thousands of voters have suggested landmarks across exeter to fill the more expensive slots , such as the cathedral. no one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the brown sections of the board , which cost $ 60 in monopoly money. ` the board was designed on the streets of london and it is a nigh on impossible task to replicate that in exeter .. ` whoever does get old kent road will be castigated for it - and will not deserve it . '. exeter recently for opened some britain 's poshest student flats in the city centre - costing # 1,000 a month - and there are several more luxury developments planned .. the influx of well-to-do students - together with the arrival of big name shops and restaurants such as john lewis and jamie 's italian in recent years - has seen a resurgence in the city centre .. resident nicola taylor , 32 , of exeter , said : ` exeter has certainly got posher over the years and i do n't think there is anywhere that deserves the tag of old kent road . '. i think the influx of rich students has had a lot to do with it with a lot of luxury developments and money being brought in . '. i would n't say that most locals are particularly posh - but just proud of the area they live in . '. exeter city council leader pete edwards said there were no areas suitable for the brown monopoly ( board game pictured ) spots , which are taken up in london by old kent road and whitechapel road. the makers of the game have launched a second appeal for recommendations for any exeter landmark that can replace old kent road , and bosses were sent to the city today to hunt a location down .. dan taylor , head of custom games at winning moves uk said : ` over the years we have produced boards for perceived well-heeled places - such as oxford , for example - but we have never come across a situation like this .. ` we have had a dearth of suggestions for an exeter equivalent of old kent road compared to every other location so exeter could well be the poshest place in britain .. ` but we have to fill this space .. as we do every one of the 22 locations from the london original is handed over to an exeter landmark or address . '
manchester united are to hand trials to mk dons teenagers luke tingey and kyran wiltshire .. central defender tingey , 18 , became a hit on youtube last month when he scored a sensational 40 yard free-kick against swindon in a 5-3 win for mk dons under-18s .. wiltshire , also 18 , is a lively centre midfielder who was included in karl robinson 's first-team squad for friendlies last pre-season .. kyran wiltshire is pictured in action for mk dons in their pre-season friendly against a tottenham xi in 2013. their u18 side have been crowned youth alliance south cup champions for this season and face oldham in the national final on monday , april 27 .. united are looking to bring in some talented younger players to boost squad numbers ahead of next season 's uefa u19 youth league competition .. tingey and wiltshire are expected to spend a few days at carrington as coaches assess whether they can prove useful additions to united 's squad .
an australian man who walked free from an indonesian prison after nine months plans to celebrate his season by heading to the beach .. jake drage sang a children 's song for reporters as he left a west java jail nine months after he was put behind bars following a crash that killed a woman who was riding a motorcycle with her teenage daughter .. the 23-year-old surfer , who was taken into custody in june last year , said he can not wait to get back in the water .. jake drage sang a children 's song for reporters as he left a west java jail nine months after he was put behind bars. ` the first thing i do when i get home , after seeing family , i 'm heading straight to the beach , heading straight to the ocean , ' drage said , according to the west australian .. ` i 've never been held down for so long before , '. i never planned on coming to jail and i do n't plan on going back . '. he said his time in prison was ` like a yo yo , all up and downs ' , and that his release had not sunk in yet .. drage was jailed after a crash that killed a woman who was riding pillion on a motorcycle with her teenage daughter. the 23-year-old surfer , who was taken into custody in june last year , said he can not wait to get back in the water. ` the first thing i do when i get home , after seeing family , i 'm heading straight to the beach , heading straight to the ocean , ' drage said. ` i 'm sure once i 'm past immigration and i get back on home soil , arrive at the airport and see the family and friends , i definitely think it will sink in then , ' he said .. ` the first thing i do when i get home , after seeing family , i 'm heading straight to the beach , heading straight to the ocean . '. sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .
the prison guard who allegedly had an affair with the man convicted of killing one-punch victim thomas king has been identified as a 30-year-old ironwoman competitor .. it was revealed last month kieran loveridge , who brutally attacked mr kelly at kings cross , was moved to goulburn supermax prison because he had an ` improper relationship ' with a female officer .. the 21-year-old is thought to have had a relationship with port macquarie woman jody marson , the daily telegraph reported .. jody marson ( left and right ) has been named as the prison guard who had an affair with kieran loveridge. kieran loveridge , who killed thomas kelly in a brutal one punch attack in 2012 , allegedly had an affair with ms marson. corrective services nsw has since launched an investigation into the matter after loveridge was moved from the mid north coast correctional centre .. the alleged relationship took place inside the the correctional centre where two inmates share one cell .. ms marson was suspended after other staff members claimed they had witness the alleged affair inside the kempsey prison .. she is now under investigation .. her facebook reveals she is a fitness enthusiast , with photos showing her cycling in ironwoman competitions .. the social media page also shows renovations she has carried out on a house she recently bought in port macquarie on the nsw north coast .. when approached by the daily telegraph for comment , the 30-year-old did not wish to speak about the matter .. ms marson ( right ) was suspended after other staff members claimed they had witness the alleged affair inside the kempsey prison. corrective services nsw commisioner peter severin confirmed they were looking at ` electronic prison records and cctv footage ' .. he told the daily telegraph employees were expected to stick with the department 's ` strict and very clear policies and procedures governing how correctional staff should interact with inmates ' .. mr severin added they would ` fully investigate ' any breaches in behaviour and would enforce suitable penalties , which included dismissal .. loveridge was moved to the higher security prison after he stomped on a fellow inmate 's head along with a 22-year-old prisoner .. thomas kelly died after he was punched in the head by loveridge on july 7 , 2012. a nsw police spokeswoman told daily mail australia a 21-year-old man was charged with reckless grievous bodily harm following an assault inside a west kempsey correctional facility .. she said police were told ` possibly two or three inmates assaulted another inmate ' who was left with head injuries .. loveridge will appear in goulburn local court on wednesday , may 27 .. the 21-year-old is serving 14 years for mr kelly 's manslaughter .. mr kelly suffered catastrophic head injuries after loveridge punched him once in an unprovoked attack at kings cross , in sydney 's inner-city , on july 7 , 2012 .. the 18-year-old 's life support was turned off two days later .. initially , loveridge was jailed in november 2013 for just four years for manslaughter , which prompted wide-spread public anger .. the deparment pp launched an appeal against the leniency of the decision , which was upheld and in july 2014 he was handed a lengthier jail time .. in november 2013 , a court heard how 19-year-old loveridge had drunk several cans of smirnoff double black vodka drinks and shots as he prowled kings cross and told a friend ' i swear i 'm going to bash someone ' .. mr kelly , an accounting cadet , was walking with his girlfriend and talking on his mobile phone when he was violently attacked .. police originally charged loveridge with murder but he offered to plead guilty to manslaughter .. the earliest loveridge can be released from jail is november 17 , 2022 .. sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .
( cnn ) i 've been a chef in some form or another since i was 14 years old , but i did n't become a food activist until much later .. it was 2007 , and a young girl my wife mentored was found rooting through the trash just to find something to eat .. that inspired me to found food policy action and become politically active in a range of food issues , from hunger to factory farms .. of course , i have n't been alone in this work .. one of the biggest catalysts has been " the meatrix , " a 2003 animation parody based on " the matrix " and produced by the grace communications foundation , which crystallized the public health risks and environmental harms of factory farming .. recently , " the meatrix : relaunched " came out .. much more than a comical redux , it 's an important benchmark in the evolution of the sustainable food movement and compels us to look back at how far we 've come over the last decade -- and how far we still have to go .. a decade ago , concepts like " sustainable farming , " " animal welfare " and " organic food " were considered fringe .. while some consumers were beginning to take interest in where their meat and produce came from , public knowledge of sustainable food was limited .. the standard gut-wrenching images of animal cruelty and sickly calves were ineffectual and mostly turned people off instead of urging them to make better food choices .. meanwhile , factory farms continued to reap large profits while producing subpar meat , polluting air and water resources , and damaging the public 's health .. to be sure , america 's food system is complex , and some may argue that industrial farming has been a necessity to meet our country 's food needs .. however , the quality of our food has been sacrificed at this supposed altar of necessity , as industrial farms reap enormous profits that they direct toward lobbying rather than improving the quality of food they produce .. in 2014 alone , the biggest meatpackers and their trade groups spent a combined $ 4.3 million on lobbyists .. and it has paid off for them : factory farms often avoid penalties for the damage they cause to the environment and public health ; and they receive ridiculous subsidies from the u.s. government that totaled $ 58.7 million in 2012 , according to the environmental working group .. these factors drive down the cost of industrially sourced meat at a rate that smaller farms ca n't keep up with .. and since the actual costs of industrially raised meat are hidden , humanely raised meat appears expensive by comparison .. that 's neither fair nor safe .. we all deserve to know where the food we eat comes from and that it is wholesome , and we need our elected officials to take a stand against big agri-businesses to quit letting them profit off of meat and produce that jeopardize the health of the environment and the public .. it 's time that consumer demand for sustainable and humane food trumps the power that industrial farms hold over our elected officials .. the original " meatrix " cartoon used pop culture references and family-friendly cartoons to educate consumers about the dangers of factory farming , compel them to make better food choices and spark a wave of online advocacy for better government oversight of big agriculture and meat companies .. as a result , it became one of the first viral videos ever to effectively expose consumers to the realities happening behind the doors of industrial farms and the damage these facilities were doing to the environment , our public health and surrounding communities .. the rise in consumer knowledge has led to an increased demand for sustainably sourced food that is healthier and tastes better .. grace has relaunched the eat well guide , an online directory of 25,000 sustainable farms , restaurants , food co-ops and farmers ' markets that allows consumers to make better choices about the food they eat and provide for their families .. and we at food policy action have produced a legislative scorecard .. we need to ask members of congress to promote sustainable farming , not factory farms .. we need them to support sensible food policies that ensure that everyone has access to food and water .. congress should vote against the dark act , which would block any federal or state action that required labels for foods made with genetically engineered ingredients even at the expense of the environment , public health and local economies .. as more consumers are educated , they have the power to take action and call on elected officials to support sustainable farmers , not factory farms .. together , we can create a sustainable food system in america that is better for our environment and our health .
best-selling author sarah wilson has hit out at a woman 's website after they published her photograph alongside a story about an apparent eating disorder .. the journalist and lifestyle guru behind the ` i quit sugar ' book and website complained to mamamia after her image was used to illustrate a story about orthorexia nervosa -- a condition defined by an obsession for eating ` healthily ' .. wilson 's face was plastered on the article alongside controversial wellness blogger belle gibson , who has been accused of faking terminal cancer , and paleo diet preacher pete evans .. celebrity chef evans ' cookbook , bubba yum yum : the paleo way , was recently dropped by its publisher after the public health association of australia found that ' a baby may die ' if they consumed one of its particular recipes .. former cosmopolitan editor wilson fumed on monday : ` is this how such things should be done ?. sarah wilson hit out at the mamamia website after it published her photograph alongside a story on an eating disorder. the i quit sugar author was pictured ( centre , right ) alongside paleo chef pete evans ( left ) and controversial wellness blogger belle gibson ( centre , left ). ` take a sound , evidence-based article on orthorexia nervosa written by an academic and published on the conversation , republish it ( without attributing author ) and then festoon it with images of people not mentioned in the article so as to implicate that they have an eating disorder !?. s ** t , i hope not , ' wilson said .. also used in the article was a photo of a green smoothie -- a much loved favourite of those involved in the ` clean living ' movement .. the conversation article , which was seemingly republished on mamamia by way of a content sharing agreement , said : ` there is a blurry line separating " normal " healthy eating and orthorexia nervosa , but one way to define the condition is when eating " healthily " causes significant distress or negative consequences in a person 's life . '. mamamia founder mia freedman and wilson are said to have had a long-running feud. wilson , who has an autoimmune disease , quit sugar in 2011 ` as an experiment ' but liked the results -- including increased energy , better skin and wellness -- so much that she continued her sugar ban and wrote a best-selling book in the process .. wilson complained to mamamia and they agreed to remove her image from the article .. ` update : mamamia has pulled my image and updated their post after i flagged the issue , ' she wrote on facebook .. editor-in-chief of the mamamia network , jamela rizvi , told daily mail australia : ' i agree that the choice of images originally used to illustrate this story were n't ideal .. ms wilson complained to mamamia and the site agreed to remove her image from the article. ` while the intention was to examine the idea of extremely strict diets masking potential eating disorders amongst devotees ; that is not what was achieved .. ` once the issue was drawn to my attention , the images were immediately changed and i emailed sarah to apologise .. ` i 'm glad that sarah has accepted that apology . '. in 2013 , mamamia 's founder mia freedman blasted wilson over her anti-sugar stance and called her ` obsessed ' .. wilson wrote a blog post about eating two chocolate croissants while on holiday and how for ` the rest of the day ' she felt incredibly ill .. freedman responded by commenting on facebook ` the fastest way to become obsessed with something is to try and ban it entirely from your life ' .. she later deleted the comment .. celebrity chef mr evans ' cookbook , bubba yum yum : the paleo way , was recently dropped by its publisher. the public health association of australia found that ' a baby may die ' if they consumed one of the recipes in mr evan 's book. last month wellness guru wilson weighed in on the belle gibson controversy , saying too many health bloggers do not understand their power and responsibility .. gibson , founder of the popular whole pantry app , has faced intense criticism since doubts were raised about whether she has terminal cancer .. wilson told daily mail australia that the incident was ` unfortunate ' and that health bloggers have a huge responsibility to their followers .. ` the real issue that 's going on is there 's a lot of people out there not taking on board the responsibility that comes with all this , ' she said . '. i do n't know that you need to be a dietitian to share information about your health journey .. ` if you are somebody who works online and you claim to be a ( health ) blogger you have to take on certain responsibilities .. ` you have to ensure you train yourself up in all of that ( science ) .. that 's what i see is n't happening .. ` there 's a lot of people out there who are ' t taking on the responsibility of being a disseminator of information .. ` we 've got to be very transparent and acknowledge the science is not categorical - but respect the science that is there . '. wilson has said in a blog about the issue that ` diet ca n't cure disease ' .. controversial wellness blogger belle gibson is being investigated over claims she faked her cancer battles , despite reports police dropped the investigation. ms gibson , who invented the whole pantry app and cook book , found fame on social media after claiming her diet had helped cure her cancer
former leeds and england coach tony smith admits he was shocked by kevin sinfield 's decision to switch codes but , on reflection , believes it could be an inspired decision .. sinfield , 34 , the greatest captain in leeds ' history , stunned the world of rugby league with his sudden announcement that he will quit the sport at the end of the season and join the rhinos ' sister club yorkshire carnegie on an 18-month contract .. sinfield , who is closing in on third place in rugby league 's all-time scoring list with 3,997 points , told a news conference at headingley he did not want to play against rhinos and that the opportunity to spearhead carnegie 's bid for a premiership return was too good to resist .. leeds rhinos captain kevin sinfield is to switch codes and join yorkshire carnegie at the end of the season. sinfield ( centre ) lifts the super league trophy after leeds beat warrington in the grand final in october 2012. warrington coach tony smith ( left ) speaks with fellow coaches tony rea and brian mcdermott. smith , who was in charge of the rhinos when sinfield lifted the first of their six super league titles in 2003 , says he is sad to see his former skipper swap codes . '. i was a bit shocked , ' smith said .. ` it took me a couple of minutes to think about it .. he 's a champion player , he 's been a champion player for his club and his country for many years .. ` i 'm sad to lose him to that other code .. however , i could understand the rationale .. if it 's a way of him plying his trade for longer - his trade of playing rugby and being a terrific professional - i can see why he 's made that change . '. i think he 'll have a lot to still contribute to their sport and to that club .. it 's not a huge switch for him in terms of training venues .. ` he 'll still have his bumps and bruises , but the fact that he can continue to do that and probably get well rewarded for it , i ca n't blame him . '. sinfield , whose bombshell announcement came just four days after his predecessor as england captain jamie peacock revealed he would be leaving leeds at the end of the season to become football manager at hull kr , has missed leeds ' last two games through injury and , according to smith , is probably stepping down at the right time .. sinfield ( left ) in action for england against france during the 2013 rugby league world cup quarter-final. sinfield is tackled during a match between leeds rhinos and leigh centurions last year '. i think it 's fantastic to make that decision to bow out of super league probably at the right time , ' smith added .. ` you ca n't keep playing forever and , when those young guys come snapping at your heels , it 's hard to keep them at bay at some stage .. ` you have to bite the bullet and step aside and i 'd say the time is probably right .. i 'm no expert on when other people should retire but i 'm pleased for kevin and he 'll certainly give everything he 's got to his new employers .. ` that 's how he 's been in rugby league and i 've got no reason to think it 'll be any different . '. sinfield has never played rugby union but already identified a role for himself in his new sport as he follows in the footsteps of jason robinson , andy farrell and sam burgess .. ` ideally i 'd like to play fly-half , ' sinfield said .. ` it 's the position that suits the skill set i have the best .. sinfield and his leeds team-mates celebrate after beating melbourne storm in the 2008 world club challenge '. i understand the challenge that 's in front of me and the difficulties rugby league players have faced crossing over .. that 's why i think i 'm in the best possible place to help with that transition .. ` playing union is something i 've always wanted to do .. i did n't want to end my career and have regrets about missed opportunities .. when this opportunity came up i knew it was the right thing .. ` i 'm excited by it .. i know the potential at the club and it 's something i 'd like to be a part of .. ` i 'm very respectful of the game and i like watching it .. i think a lot of rugby league people look down on rugby union , and i think a lot of rugby union people look down on rugby league .. but i like both games .. as a sportsman , to get the opportunity to play another professional sport is something that really appeals to me . '
a labour government would take action to enforce a premier league commitment to invest five per cent of the proceeds from lucrative tv rights deals in grassroots sport , the party has said .. shadow health secretary and keen football fan andy burnham said the move could unlock # 400 million to nurture the talents of the next generation of stars over the course of the next parliament .. and he said labour was ready to legislate if necessary to ensure elite clubs lived up to their 1999 promise to support struggling community facilities and projects .. andy burnham ( left ) and ed miliband promise that labour will make the premier league invest in grassroots. mr burnham accused prime minister david cameron of failing to get tough on the premier league despite a massive increase in its tv revenues during his time in power .. although the league puts # 168million into grassroots sport , this represents only a fraction of the # 5billion it has taken in from tv deals between 2013 and 2016 , said labour .. mr burnham said : ` the last labour government secured a commitment from the premier league that five per cent of all tv income should be invested in the grassroots .. ` since then , tv rights have soared by over 160 per cent , but david cameron has failed to make sure that the game 's elite honours its obligations to the next generation coming through .. david cameron is accused of not keeping his promises and getting tough on the premier league. ` football at grassroots is struggling and , in many cities , premier league stadia loom over run-down changing rooms and overgrown pitches .. the gap between top and bottom in our national sport has never been wider .. ` premier league clubs only have permission to sell their rights collectively if they can demonstrate that it is in the wider public interest .. that is why a labour government will take action to ensure that every penny the premier league owes is paid in full , unlocking an estimated # 400 million for the grassroots in the next parliament . '. labour sports spokesman clive efford added : ` we will get tough and under labour 's better plan we will make sure the premier league lives up to its commitment to invest in the grassroots .. this will have a profoundly positive impact on football and many other sports . '. bt sport and sky sports were part of the lucrative tv deal estimated around # 5billion starting in 2016. a premier league spokesman said : ` the success of the premier league benefits the development of the english game outside of the top flight .. significant investment has flowed through all levels of the game from the grassroots upwards , and well in excess of the five per cent of domestic live broadcast revenues agreed in 2005 .. ` only last month premier league clubs committed to investing at least # 1bn outside of the league from 2016-2019 .. that will mean even more investment in grass-roots football .. ` currently we invest # 56m per season in this important work and premier league football will generate over # 1.2 bn in tax revenue for the treasury this year alone .. ` this investment has seen over 50 new artificial pitches built in local communities and our club 's coaches delivering thousands of pe lessons in primary schools across the country during the 2014/15 season . '. grassroot football is crucial to the development of young players and good facilities like this are needed
survivors of the boston marathon bombing returned to the site of the deadly blasts on tuesday as they marked the second anniversary of the tragedy .. among them , the family of eight-year-old martin richard , the youngest victim to lose his life in the april 15 , 2013 attack , headed to boylston street to help officials unveil commemorative banners .. four orange signs each bearing a white heart and the word ` boston ' were placed at the site .. they were mounted on poles wrapped in blue and yellow flowers , the marathon 's colors , to mark the tragedy that took three lives and left more than 260 others injured .. martin 's older brother henry and younger sister jane , who lost a leg in the explosion , helped unwrap one of the flags on the street as bagpipes played during the low-key ceremony .. somber : the martin family , whose son richard was killed in the boston bombings , walk down boylston street with boston mayor marty walsh , left , ahead of a ceremony to mark two years since the tragedy. emotional : jane , who lost a leg in the blast , shares a smile with her father while her mother wipes away a tear. ceremony : jane and henry martin remove a drape covering a memorial banner to honor the victims .. in total , four large orange banners were unveiled near the explosion sites on tuesday morning. memories : the family takes a moment to reflect at the scene as a ceremony to mark the anniversary begins. the family of krystle campbell , who also died in the attacks , helped unwrap another banner with the help of governor charlie baker .. also at the ceremony was jeff bauman , who lost both legs in the bombings .. his ashen face was captured in a now-iconic photograph as he was wheeled away by strangers .. one of those strangers , carlos arredondo , is now a close friend .. arredondo , who became known as ` the man in the cowboy hat ' was also at the site on tuesday morning to greet bauman as he walked on prosthetic limbs .. ` we 're here to pay tribute to the people who lost their lives , ' bauman told wfxt-tv .. they were joined by city officials including mayor marty walsh and governor charlie baker .. at 2.49 pm , a moment of silence was held to mark the moment the first of two bombs exploded near the finish line two years ago , while church bells sounded throughout the city .. well-wishers visited the site of the explosions throughout tuesday to pay tribute to the young people who had lost their lives , and stopped to pay their respects at a memorial bearing their names .. mayor walsh has declared april 15 ` one boston day , ' on which bostonians are encouraged to perform random acts of kindness and generosity .. always remembered : jane martin sits on a new bench with the words ` keep running boston ' and ` boston strong ' written across it outside the fire station on boylston street. fitting right in : jane tries on a firefighter 's helmet during a visit to the boylston street fire station. proud : she grins alongside her mother denise , father bill and big brother henry inside the fire station. thankful : denise richard , who was hit in the head by shrapnel in the bombings , looks at banners signed by members of the public after the attack and now hanging at a fire station on boylston street. ` april 15 is a date that has come to stand for our city 's deepest values , ' he said as he announced the new tradition .. ` in many respects , those most affected by the events of two years ago have shown us all the way back - with their courage , grace and determination , ' governor baker said in a statement released after the ceremony .. ` they honor the past , remember and treasure loved ones lost and injured , and look forward to a better future .. we should strive to do the same . '. another victim who lost a leg in the bombings , rebekah gregory , took to facebook on tuesday morning to describe her disbelief that two years had already passed .. she was at the marathon with her young son , noah , and was less than 10 feet from where the first bomb exploded .. she needed 17 surgeries and eventually had her left leg amputated last year .. last month , she testified against the surviving bomber , dzhokhar tsarnaev , in his trial .. strong : jeff bauman , who lost both of his legs in the bombings , is pictured with his wife erin and their daughter , nora gail , as they walk down boylston street in boston this morning. incredible : he was accompanied by carlos arredondo , who helped save his life two years ago. close friends : the two men have built a close friendship since the day of the blast. side by side : arredondo , whose adult sons both died in the years before the marathons , helped save bauman 's life after he was hit by the bombs .. they two men are seen speaking with reporters on tuesday. tribute : a man touches a memorial to the victims , from left , mit police officer sean collier , 29-year-old krystle campbell , 23-year-old lingzi lu and eight-year-old martin richard , who were killed by the two bombers. memorial : the new banners show white hearts with the word ` boston ' inside .. they have been placed at the top of lampposts , which have been decorated by flowers in blue and yellow - the marathon 's colors. ` it is extremely emotional to look back on the last two years of my life , ' she wrote .. ` to remember what it felt like to be bleeding out on the pavement , wondering if i would ever see my child 's smile again .... ` it 's been a long road .. some days , i 'm not quite sure how i have made it out of the bed .. and if i 'm being really honest , a few times i have n't .. ` but no matter what , there is one thing that i always keep in mind .. and no matter how hard someone tries , they will never be able to take that away from me . '. she plans to run the last three miles of the marathon next monday .. she also visited the site last year , but was pushed in a wheelchair as she struggled with issues with her leg .. ` this time i wo n't be laying on the ground in pieces , or having to be assisted because i ca n't do things on my own , ' she wrote .. support : a man wearing a shirt reading ` boston strong ' and ` survivor ' walks near the ceremony on tuesday. respects : a passerby wearing a t-shirt honoring martin pauses near one of the two explosion sites. reflection : people stop by the memorial at the scene of the first explosion on the marathon route. heartbreaking : a group of women gather near the site during the moment of silence on tuesday afternoon. powerful : a bunch of yellow and blue flowers lay at the scene of the first blast in boston on tuesday. ` this time ... the only thing hitting the ground will be my running shoe , as i show myself and the rest of the world that i am back , stronger than ever ... and there is no stopping me now . '. three people were killed and more than 260 others were wounded in the april 15 , 2013 attacks and the two bombers were cornered days later , after they shot dead an mit police officer .. one of the bombers , tamerlan tsarnaev , was killed during a shootout with police in watertown .. the surviving bomber , dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , was last week convicted of 30 counts during his federal trial .. the jury is now deciding whether he should receive the death penalty but they have taken a break until next tuesday .. this year 's marathon will be held next monday .. missed : martin richard , pictured , was watching the marathon near the finishing line when he was killed. victims : boston university graduate student lingzi lu , 23 , ( pictured left ) and restaurant manager krystle campbell , 29 , ( right ) also lost their lives in the bombings on april 15 , 2013
defending nba champions san antonio spurs have stepped up their title defence preparation by taking part in an amusing music video which announced band spuran spuran .. kawhi leonard , matt bonner , patty mills , aron baynes and official mascot the coyote all teamed up to form the band - with the bands name in reference to english rockers duran duran .. the video shows the four players performing debut single ` spurs ! '. by taking part in a 1980s-style performance while showing off funky outfits and extravagant hairstyles .. matt bonner was on guitar duty for spuran spuran as they announced debut song ` spurs ! '. bonner ( far left ) was joined by san antonio spurs team-mates kawhi leonard , patty mills and aron baynes. bonner and his spurs team-mates proved they 're just as entertaining off the pitch as they are on it with this amusing music video .. spurs have won their last 11 matches , including a 107-91 victory over phoenix suns in their last match , as they aim to defend their nba title .. sitting in third place in the western conference , the champions face new orleans pelicans in their final match before beginning their play-off run .. spurs official mascot the coyote also made a cameo appearance in the amusing music video. leonard ( right ) helped his san antonio spurs side beat phoenix suns 107-91 in their last match. bonner ( left ) and his spurs side are keeping busy off the pitch as they prepare to defend their nba title
singer-songwriter don mclean 's original manuscript and notes to ` american pie ' have been sold at auction for $ 1.2 million .. mclean offered the wistful anthem that asks ` do you recall what was revealed the day the music died ? '. at christie 's on tuesday .. the name of the buyer was not released .. the 16 pages include the original working manuscript and typed drafts of the song , including tantalizing new details about the famous anthem .. in an interview published by christie 's auction house new york , where the manuscript was auctioned , mclean says american pie is about ` heading in the wrong direction ' .. original song : christie 's curator tom lecky holds the 16-page notes and manuscript for singer don mclean 's american pie at christie 's auction house in new york where it was sold for $ 1.2 million to an unidentified bidder on tuesday. ` it is becoming less idyllic .. i do n't know whether you consider that wrong or right but it is a morality song in a sense . '. it has long been known that the song about ` the day the music died ' refers to february 3 , 1959 , when rock n ' roll icon buddy holly and fellow singers ritchie valens and j.p. ` big bopper ' richardson died in a plane crash .. the eight-minute-long song was released in 1971 and was a no. 1 u.s. hit for four weeks in 1972 .. mclean , 69 , a longtime maine resident , says writing the song was ' a mystical trip into his past . '. legendary singer : the original manuscript also reveals a deleted verse , which was crossed out and never recorded , where mclean , now 69 , writes about music being ` reborn ' .. loss : american pie mourns the death of late-50s rock n ' roll icon buddy holly , who died in a plane crash on february 3 1959 , aged just 22 , which is what mclean refers to as ` the day music died '. tragedy : j.p. ` big bopper ' richardson and ritchie valens also died in the crash alongside buddy holly. the original manuscript also reveals a deleted verse , which was crossed out and never recorded , about music being ` reborn ' .. it includes the lines ' i dropped to my knees and there i prayed and i promised him everything i could give .. ` if only he would make the music live , ' according to the telegraph .. american pie had a revival in 2000 when madonna covered the song to promote the soundtrack to her flop film the next best thing .. despite the queen of pop describing the cover as ` something a certain record company executive twisted my arm into doing ' in 2001 , her version of american pie became a global chart hit .. christie 's new york is estimating that the american pie manuscript will sell for $ 1million to $ 1.5 million .
diamond fraudster anna foord jetted around the world buying designer shoes and bags using cash she swindled from her victims. a diamond fraudster who jetted around the world buying designer shoes and bags using the cash she swindled from her victims is facing jail .. anna foord , of elstree , hertfordshire , convinced investors to buy low grade gems overvalued by up to 2,000 per cent , a court heard .. the 30-year-old even flew to new york to shop in fifth avenue 's most exclusive boutiques using the money she made .. she was part of a gang of fraudsters who lived lavish lifestyles by selling investors coloured diamonds in the # 1.5 m ` boiler room ' scam .. but they were arrested and foord was convicted of conspiracy to defraud and money laundering today while other members of the gang admitted similar charges .. foord was clutching a # 1,000 louis vuitton bag when police arrested her while it was later revealed how she had her collection of expensive jimmy choo shoes destroyed in an attempt to conceal the fraud .. the court heard how smooth-talking salesmen convinced clients the diamonds were a better investment prospect than gold and would pay handsome returns .. but in reality , the diamonds were ` what the miners leave on the floor ' and the gang were using their victims as ` cash cows ' , the court heard .. prosecutor esther schutzer-weissman told how diamond investors lost in excess of # 1.5 m.. ` the caller was persuasive , the caller was persistent and always suggesting to the investor that purchasing coloured diamonds was an investment that would get good and reliable returns , ' she said .. ` they were told often that diamonds would be scarcer and rarer and therefore more valuable because a mine , or mines , were closing or had closed .. ` they were told this was a limited time opportunity and they were told that the investment was guaranteed to provide a good return , depending of course on how long the diamond was kept before selling on .. ` calls would be followed by letters that provided more concrete information about the investment prospect of the stones . '. shopping sprees of # 6,135 , # 1,240 and # 1,726 took place at selfridges and harrods in london and bloomingdales in new york , the court heard .. one conman , hider eshpari , 28 , boasted that he lived in a penthouse and drove a top of the range audi a6 before duping a retiree out of # 15,500 .. the court heard one victim was told an orange yellow diamond 's worth would rocket at chinese new year when demand for the diamonds increased and he bought it for # 14,450 .. but the gem was in fact worth just # 440 .. farouq eshpari ( right ) was found guilty of money laundering while safia eshpari ( left ) admitted a similar charge. a jury unanimously found foord guilty of one count of conspiracy to defraud and money laundering. co-defendant farouq eshpari , 55 , of enfield , middlesex , was also found guilty of money laundering .. farouq 's sons , omar eshpari , 34 , and hider eshpari , 28 , admitted conspiracy to defraud before the trial while wife safia eshpari , 52 , admitted money laundering .. omar is already serving a seven year sentence for a # 3million land banking fraud which preyed on elderly and vulnerable people .. co-accused billy cosma , 23 , was unanimously cleared of conspiracy to defraud and defendants anton howell , 28 , and rommell brown , 31 , were also cleared of two charges each of conspiracy to defraud .. foord and the eshpari family , all of enfield , middlesex , will return for sentence at southwark crown court in may .. speaking after the case , detective constable claire bailey of the city of london police , said : ` boiler room fraud is a crime that destroys retirements and ruins lives .. farouq 's sons , omar eshpari ( left ) , 34 , and hider eshpari ( right ) , 28 , admitted conspiracy to defraud before the trial. shopping sprees of # 6,135 , # 1,240 and # 1,726 took place at selfridges and harrods ( pictured ) in london and bloomingdales in new york , the court heard. ` victims were led to believe they were investing their savings in diamonds that could only increase in value and would provide them with regular and healthy dividends when in reality they were putting their money and trust in a carefully constructed scam designed to make the fraudsters a fortune .. ` the city of london police are very pleased this complex and extensive investigation has finally resulted in this organised crime gang facing the justice they deserve , something that i hope will provide some solace to their victims .. ` we would also advise anyone who is contacted by a cold-caller trying to sell them something to simply hang up the phone and do not engage with this person on any level . '. speaking after the verdicts rommell brown , 31 , spoke of his relief at clearing his name .. ` the right verdict has been passed - the correct people have been found innocent and the correct people have been found guilty . '. i just want to say to the victims as well , i am sorry and i did work for those people in good faith and i am sorry for the losses that have been incurred as well - i truly am , ' he said .
surgeons are calling for the rules on laser eye surgery to be strengthened after an apparent rise in patients receiving substandard care .. a private hospital in harley street says that increasing numbers of people are seeking its help after being given bad advice or poor treatment elsewhere .. and it says it is now time for the industry to be ` taken to task ' .. a leading private eye hospital is calling for tighter regulations on laser eye surgery after noting a rise in the number of people who have been given inaccurate information or poor care .. up to 120,000 britons have laser eye surgery each year to correct long and short-sightedness , and almost one in 20 of them suffer some sort of complication.most operations are done privately , with patients paying up to # 5,000 to have both eyes corrected .. last year , the consumer group which ?. warned that not all clinics are properly explaining the risks involved .. regret : law graduate lois roberts. law graduate lois roberts said that surgery to correct her short-sightedness left her in agony .. she suffered from painfully dry eyes after she had the laser treatment , which was caused by damage to the nerves that stimulate tears .. and in the years after the procedure , miss roberts said she had to apply eye drops every day to alleviate the pain , which in itself can bring on chronic eye inflammation .. miss roberts had used contact lenses and glasses since she was at primary school but found they were a nuisance when playing sport .. she had the # 1,500 treatment as part of her 21st birthday present in 2010 .. but it was n't the pain-free experience she was promised .. she said : ` i 'm upset i was n't warned enough at my initial consultation that anything like this could happen .. i would have thought much harder about it had i known the risks . '. miss roberts , from gwynedd in north wales , suffered from poor night vision and ` floaters ' in the years after she had the surgery .. ` the floaters are like clumps of black lines and dots , ' she said .. ` i 've been reassured they 're harmless , but they are incredibly annoying . '. floaters can occur as a result of a popular form of laser surgery in which a flap is cut into the surface of the cornea -- the clear , domed part of the eyeball .. poor night-time vision can occur if part of the cornea has been lasered incorrectly .. despite the side effects , the procedure did correct miss roberts ' vision .. its investigation found that one in three consultations by clinics offering the treatment was of poor quality .. now , surgeons are speaking out .. they say that despite the term ` laser eye surgery ' , the procedure does n't have to be done by a surgeon or even someone with specialist eye knowledge .. instead , all that is required is that the person doing the operation is qualified as a doctor of some sort .. dr saj khan , an eye surgeon at the london eye hospital , said the unit is treating more patients who have received unsatisfactory treatment elsewhere than five years ago .. and other specialist clinics are seeing a similar rise .. dr khan added : ` at the moment , anybody who has a basic doctor 's qualification could in theory go off and spend a few hours or a couple of days learning how to use the kit and set off giving treatment . '. bobby qureshi , the hospital 's medical director , called for a compulsory register of practitioners that patients could use to find a suitably qualified surgeon .. he said : ` laser eye surgeons are , at present , only required to be registered as doctors ; no specialist qualifications are legally required to carry out a laser eye procedure .. the london eye hospital in harley street said laser eye surgeons are presently only required to be registered as doctors - and no specialist qualifications are legally required. ` and with those who trained abroad , it 's even more difficult to establish levels of expertise in specific treatments .. this makes a central register all the more important , as it gives patients the tools to check exactly in whose hands they are putting their vision .. ` we have seen a rising number of people arriving at the london eye hospital who have previously been given inaccurate information or poor care and we strongly believe that it is time for this industry to be taken to task . '. the royal college of ophthalmologists says complications occur in almost one in 20 cases .. these include dry eyes and problems with night vision .. it says that severe visual problems are ` very unusual ' , but some patients require corneal surgery or hard contact lenses to restore satisfactory vision .. it advises patients to quiz clinics about how often they perform the treatment and what their success rates are .. a spokesman said that while in theory the operation could be done by someone who is registered as a doctor but does not have further qualifications , the likelihood of this happening is ` very , very negligible ' .. she added that the organisation is working with the royal college of surgeons to improve standards .
masters wednesday began on a sombre note when australian marc leishman , who got so close to victory in 2013 before finishing tied fourth behind countryman adam scott , had to withdraw .. his wife audrey spent part of last week in an induced coma owing to a serious infection .. leishman left augusta taking with him the best wishes of his sport .. marc leishman has withdrawn from this year 's competition to be with his wife. masters chairman billy payne talked a lot about growing the game but he ruled out any idea of starting a women 's masters .. ` we have a very short member season at augusta national of seven months , ' he explained .. ` the time that we dedicate to the preparation and conduct of the tournament is already extensive .. i do n't think we would ever host another one . '. billy payne has ruled out starting a women 's masters despite talking about growing the game. it 's well-known the garish surroundings outside augusta national contrast markedly with the beauty within .. but maybe that 's about to change .. after buying up all the houses on adjacent berckmans road and turning it into a patrons ' car park , masters chairman billy payne is promising a ` beautification ' project .. ` as you know , we 're pretty good at landscaping , ' he said .. ` it 's going to look nice , i promise . '. mr unpopular bubba watson can surely not have upset anyone with his choice of menu for the champions dinner on tuesday .. clearly he enjoyed it so much two years ago he decided to stick with the same inoffensive offering : caesar salad followed by grilled chicken breast with green beans , mashed potatoes , macaroni and cheese and cornbread .. bubba watson was recently voted the most unpopular golfer on tour by his fellow professionals. favourite pic of the week so far ?. it might well be arnold palmer , clad in his green jacket , snapped under the oak tree in front of the clubhouse alongside niall horan , the keen golf-playing member of one direction but better known in these parts as rory mcilroy 's par three caddy .. talk about a game that spans the generations .. arnold palmer shakes hands with niall horan ahead of the 79th instalment of the masters. the famous eisenhower tree on the 17th hole might have gone following an ice storm last year but it has certainly not been forgotten .. the club unveiled a mounted cross-section of the tree that will remain on show in the press building this week before being presented to the eisenhower library in kansas for permanent display .. the tree was named after the american president after he kept hitting it with his drives .. a section of the eisenhower tree is displayed during a news conference at the masters. jack nicklaus showed he 's still got it at the age of 75 with a hole in one at the fourth in the par-3 contest .. but he could n't match colombian camilo villegas who recorded two , at the fourth and eighth .. camilo villegas recorded two aces during the par-3 contest , beating jack nicklaus ' solitary hole-in-one
lazio coach stefano pioli is excited about the enthusiasm in his squad but has told his players to keep their feet on the ground ahead of sunday 's home game against empoli .. the biancoceleste are riding a seven-game winning streak in serie a and won 1-0 at napoli on wednesday to reach their eighth coppa italia final .. senad lulic 's late goal gave lazio a 2-1 aggregate win and set up a meeting with juventus in the final on june 7 in rome .. lazio manager stefano pioli expressed his pride in his squad but said there is still a lot of work to be done. lazio 's senad lulic ( right ) scores a late winner against napoli to secure a place in the coppa italia final. the biancoceleste players celebrate reaching the club 's eighth coppa italia final on wednesday evening. ` my team handed in a great performance at napoli and it was n't easy to win there , ' pioli said to the italian press . '. i have fantastic players , who are united and willing to make sacrifices for the good of the team .. ` we have achieved an important objective in reaching the final but we have won nothing yet .. ` compliments are lovely , but we are only halfway there . '. the biancoceleste won 3-1 at cagliari last weekend to remain third in the standings .. the top three sides at the end of the season will qualify for the champions league .. lazio are one point adrift of city rivals roma with nine games remaining .. arsenal and liverpool target felipe anderson ( centre ) tussles for the ball with napoli 's walter gargano. felipe anderson ( right ) was watched by manchester united representatives during wednesday 's semi-final. ` we want to continue our good run in serie a , ' pioli said .. ` we want to aim for the maximum this season and that is to win every single game . '. pioli will have to make some changes to the side with defender dusan basta and midfielder mauricio both suspended , while goalkeeper federico marchetti will miss this weekend 's game after fracturing his nose in midweek .. etrit berisha will replace marchetti in goal .. empoli travel to the italian capital looking to clinch only their second win on the road this season .. the tuscan outfit fell 2-0 at juventus on saturday to see their eight-match unbeaten run halted .. empoli , coached by maurizio sarri , are 14th in the standings , 11 points clear of the drop zone .. sarri will have all of his players available , with the exception of injured striker simone verdi .
she 's done a very good job at keeping her personal life under wraps for many years .. but on monday stana katic left a big cat out of the bag - she has married longtime boyfriend , business consultant kris brkljac , who she is hardly ever seen with in public .. the walk down the aisle took place on the same weekend as the castle star 's 37th birthday .. stana katic and business consultant kris brkljac , spotted at the 2012 elton john academy awards viewing party in la in february 2012 , wed in croatia over the weekend. it 's official : soon after they said ' i do , ' the two shared this image of their wedding rings. the couple married ` in a private family monastery on the dalmatian coast , ' the actress 's rep told people .. the dalmatian coast is in croatia , where her parents are from .. the star grew up in canada .. soon after they said ' i do , ' the two shared a black-and-white image of their wedding rings .. she is off the market : the 37-year-old actress at the independent spirit awards in february. chloe is at it again with their floaty , bohemian red carpet ready couture they do so well .. this time it comes in a substantial black silken sheath with a smear of colorful embroidery outlined in a soft fringe .. stana katic nailed it with her simple sandals and gold bangle that brings out all the brighter elements of this dress .. nobody knows effortless more than chloe and this selection from the 2015 resort collection is the perfect choice for someone who wants to make a statement without all the fuss and polish .. as if the dress ' exotic embroidery alone was n't enough for us to raid the savings account , pockets certainly are and with that goes all our summer vacation fund .. it 's worth it though .. for similar selections , look through our links below .. plus size black maxi with embroidery from dhstyles.com. scarf print crepe de chine maxi at nordstrom. she was often rumoured to be dating her castle co-star nathan fillion , who her character married on the show .. but the couple were never an item , according to stanic .. her last instagram post was not about her wedding , however , but about her show castle , which wrapped production on season seven recently .. it is not known if the cop series will get an eighth season .. katic told tv line she would be fine with the show ending if it needed to .. ` if the character is complete , if there is nowhere else to go creatively , then i think it 's better to stop when you 're on top , ' the beauty said .. ` so for me it 's about art over finance , and as long as we 're creating something that is compelling and that has somewhere to go , then we 're good to go . '. a big success : the actress ( center ) with ( left ) nathan fillion on a march 30 episode of castle. on twitter she has made it seem like the end is near : ` proud of all we 've accomplished .. grateful 4 being part of the ride . '. the season seven finale of castle airs may 11 .. stana got her first big break in the james bond film , 2008 's quantum of solace .. the for lovers only star has been shooting the romance the tourist with marco bonini and brett dalton , not to be confused with the angelina jolie and johnny depp movie of the same name .. her tv wedding : stana and nathan in their wedding scene from castle : the two were often rumoured to be romantically linked , but they were only together in that way on-screen. off camera : the canadian beauty with her her tv half at the paley center in 2012
a keen fisherman got more than he bargained for at the weekend when he reeled in a massive shark after spending hours battling the beast .. max muggeridge , 19 , from coomera in qld was camping at tweed heads just across the nsw border with his girlfriend when the pair decided to go for an early morning fish .. an avid angler , mr muggeridge could n't believe his luck when a huge four metre tiger shark took a bite of his line , and he spent the next three hours trying to bring it to shore .. max muggeridge , 19 , from the gold coast caught this four metre tiger shark at the weekend. he reeled in the monster on the tweed coast just inside the nsw border , after a three hour battle. the massive creature is one of the largest tiger sharks ever caught off a beach , according to max. ` three hours on the rod and reel , it was both physically and mentally exhausting , ' mr muggeridge told daily mail australia .. ` it definitely challenged my mindset and whether i had the perseverance to push through , ' he added .. ` we were just about to reel our rods in .. i started my car up and then my rod started ticking over . '. the teenager , who is in his own words ' a shark conservationist first and foremost ' , also said the massive three hour battle left him with some serious battle wounds . '. i was absolutely shattered , i had blood blisters all over my hands , i 've got some nice callouses coming up now , ' mr muggeridge revealed .. from the time he hooked the shark just after 7am , to the time he pulled it in around 10.30 am the fisherman said it was a constant battle .. in a post on facebook , he described the ordeal in great detail , admitting that at times he was n't sure if he had the strength to reel the monster in .. ` the first hour this shark absolutely made a mockery out of me , ' mr muggeridge wrote .. the huge struggle with the shark left his antique fishing rod bent slightly out of shape. the 19-year-old said the catch was a once in a lifetime opportunity. mr muggeridge believes it could have been world record size but he was n't able to accurately measure the beast. he was with his girlfriend alexia ( right ) on the beach , who was snapping photos of him reeling in the shark '. i was hurting bad , really bad .. i 've never been in so much pain .. sun burning in my face , shocking burns and blisters all over my hands , sweat and sunscreen dripping into my eyes , and my whole body aching from holding the intense pressure for such an extended time .. ` thoughts crossed my head like i ca n't do this , it 's too big , i 'm not prepared enough , i 'm on my own ... ' the post continued .. mr muggeridge said he did n't even get a proper glimpse of the shark until the second hour , ` when it jumped out of the water !!!. what a sight , i have never seen that before ! '. the teenager also spoke to nine 's today show on thursday morning , telling the program he knew what he was up for about '20 seconds in ... it definitely shocked me and my girlfriend ( who ) i was fishing with ' .. ` it absolutely blew everything i 've ever caught out of the water so it was once in a lifetime catch , ' he added .. mr muggeridge said he thinks the catch could have been close to the world record , and he wished he could have measured it accurately .. ` the current catch and release world record tiger shark held by joey polk is 10 foot eight inches ( 3.25 m ) in fork length and 12 foot 9 inches ( 3.88 m ) overall length , ' he told the gold coast bulletin .. after getting a quick measurement of the huge creature , mr muggeridge sent it back out to sea. he is pictured here watching the huge creature swim back out into the ocean. mr muggeridge ( left ) and alexia ( right ) were camping on the tweed coast when they were fishing. mr muggeridge said he decided to release the shark rather than getting the measurements necessary to prove the record because the animal was in distressed after being landed .. photos show the young man in the shallows with the creature , dwarfed by the huge tiger shark .. snapped by his girlfriend alexia , mr muggeridge said she was taking photos of him while he worked to get the marine animal back in the water and out to safety .. he described the catch as a life-long goal , and said that by the end of the struggle he was completely wiped out . '. i collapsed on the beach and tried taking it all in .. i had just achieved everything i had ever set out to .. the time was 10.30 am , meaning i was on the rod and reel for over 3 hours , ' mr muggeridge posted .. aside from the exhaustion , and battle wounds the teenager also bent his antique rod during the fight , but said he would n't change it for anything .. asked about the danger of being in such close proximity to a potentially deadly creature , mr muggeridge said he was n't too concerned .. ` you take your chances , i 've been around enough sharks to have a basic understanding of how they work , ' he told daily mail australia .. ` but at the end of the day you are dealing with a wild animal . '. max celebrates his catch , and its successful return to the sea
radamel falcao could still sign permanently for manchester united after it emerged that chief executive ed woodward held talks with monaco on sunday over the striker 's future .. falcao , who has scored just four times for united since his season-long loan move from monaco , drew another blank at stamford bridge against chelsea on saturday evening .. but woodward told monaco vice-president vadim vasilyev last sunday that they would make a decision on the right to sign him permanently at the end of the season .. manchester united could sign radamel falcao permanently after holding talks with monaco on sunday. the striker has endured a frustrating season on loan at man united and has managed just four league goals. vasilyev said : ` i saw the manchester united people last sunday and they have not yet decided if they would exercise the option .. ` it 's not his best season , but they kept the opportunity to make a decision at the end of the season . '. although it seems highly unlikely that united will keep the colombian striker , falcao has been given hope of a second chance under dutch coach louis van gaal .. under the terms of the original loan united would have to pay # 43.5 m for the forward , but it has since emerged that monaco are willing to negotiate on the transfer fee after a disappointing season at united .. vasilyev added : ` we are not in any other negotiations , even if big clubs are interested .. the decision is with manchester , then we will discuss with the player what he wants .. i would like to have more visibility . '. falcao missed last summer 's world cup in brazil following a knee injury and it is thought he rushed his recovery in an attempt to play in the tournament for colombia .. under the terms of the loan united would have to pay # 43.5 m for the striker but monaco are willing to negotiate. manchester united chief executive ed woodward spoke with monaco president vasim vasilyev on sunday. vasilyev added : ` he had mishaps in monaco .. he had problems with the coach claudio ranieri , there was a lack of understanding .. ` he was also seriously injured and missed the world cup .. in late august , he came to tell us that he wanted to play at a higher level . ". ranieri has since been replaced by leonardo jardim and he has backed falcao to rediscover his goalscoring form after a frustrating season at united .. jardim , speaking ahead of wednesday 's champions league clash with juventus in the stade louis ii , is preparing for his return at the end of the season .. jardim , speaking ahead of his side 's home clash with juventus , is confident falcao can get back to his best. the portuguese coach said : ` he 's not had a great season that is true , but i 'm sure he can come back to the levels he was at in the past - that much i 'm convinced about .. ` it 's not a question for me , but for the players , i 've only worked with him for a month . '. monaco lost the first leg last week in the juventus stadium to a controversial penalty and face massimiliano allegri 's team in the second leg .
a 16-year-old girl sobbed in court as she faced the parents of three classmates who died after the suv she was driving crashed last august .. julia ware , who was 15 at the time of the accident , appeared at wayne county court in honesdale , pennslyvania , on wednesday .. the families of shamus digney , cullen keffer and ryan lesher - who were all 15 - watched her admit to five of the 12 counts she was charged with by prosecutors .. after the hearing was over , a grieving father branded ware , of pleasantville , new york , a murderer .. julia ware ( center ) accepted responsibility for three homicide by vehicle felony counts in a pennsylvania court. shamus digney ( left ) , cullen keffer ( center ) and ryan lesher ( right ) , all 15 , were killed during the accident. lisa lesher held a picture of her son ryan as she entered the wayne county courthouse on wednesday. the tenth grader accepted responsibility for three felony counts of homicide by vehicle and two misdemeanor counts of accident involving death or injury .. she struggled with her emotions throughout the proceedings and tried to avoid eye contact .. her father , michael ware , is awaiting trial on three counts of involuntary manslaughter , endangering the welfare of children and other charges for allegedly allowing ware to drive , the bucks county courier times reported .. a written statement from ware claimed the man gave her permission to drive so she could go pick up breakfast , according to the times-tribune .. no trial date is set for the 53-year-old .. ware will be back in court within a month for the juvenile equivalent of sentencing and there are some who feel she should be treated as an adult .. ware was speeding when she lost control and her suv rolled over in paupack township back in august. the father of one of the dead boys , ed lesher , said : ` she knew she was wrong .. ` she knew she should n't have been driving .. she knew she was going fast .. ` the boys were telling her to slow down .. she did n't slow down .. ` she thought it was funny to go faster .. she murdered three boys , one of them my son ryan .. ` she should be punished like her father . '. the dead boys ' loved ones wore shirts that had crs written on the back in honor of cullen , ryan and shamus. family and friends of the three dead council rock high school south students carried signs and photos. ware , who is now 16 , will be back in court within a month or so for the juvenile equivalent of sentencing. family and friends of the three dead council rock high school south students showed up at court wearing identical shirts and carrying signs and photos in honor of their loved ones .. the shirts had crs written on the back in honor of cullen , ryan and shamus .. one sign read : ` be a parent to your child before being a friend . '. another said : ` charge julia ware as an adult . '. during the crash , which occurred over labor day weekend in paupack township , two other passengers in ware 's 2001 chevrolet suburban were injured , wnep reported .. police think the unlicensed driver was speeding when she lost control of the suv .. it rolled over several times during the deadly accident .. john stieh , who represented ware , said : ' [ the ware family has ] done nothing but express the deepest of sorrows since this happened .. ` you saw the torment that girl had today .. you saw the upset . '. the seven other offenses ware was originally charged with were dropped after her admissions .
a federal judge has ordered the internal revenue service to hand over a list of the 298 tea party organizations that it targeted with broad and often intrusive questions when they applied for nonprofit tax-exempt status .. the decision from u.s. district judge susan dlott means right-wing groups are a step closer to being allowed to pursue a class-action lawsuit against the irs .. the agency has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010 , when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with red-flag words like ` patriots ' or ` tea party ' in their names .. while those organizations ' applications were held up for years , liberal groups sailed through the process .. federal tax-exempt status is confered on groups that serve a public purpose , including issue advocacy , and allows them to promise tax deductions to their donors .. f.u.i.r.s. : american conservatives were up in marks in 2013 after the irs confirmed it had been slow-walking tax-exemption applications from tea party groups based on red-flag words in their names. lois lerner , the former irs official at the heart of the tea party targeting scandal , ran the ` exempt organizations ' division until late 2013 when she retired with full benefits ; the justice department said this week that it wo n't prosecute her for defying a congressional subpoena and refusing to answer questions. tax-exempt organizations are not permitted to work for or against candidates for public office , but they can use up to half of their funds to make public arguments about political matters like tax policy , the obamacare insurance overhaul , the environment or foreign policy .. dlott agreed this week that the tea party groups suing the government can pursue their claims that the irs violated their first and fifth amendment rights , along with a section of federal law -- section 6103 of title 26 -- that prohibits the government from releasing private information contained in tax returns .. when the treasury department 's office of inspector general investigated the irs 's actions , it demanded -- and received -- a list of 298 groups whose tax-exemption applications had been held up .. it 's this list that the tea party groups want .. their lawsuit aims first to identify a list of ` all dissenting groups targeted for additional scrutiny by the irs from january 20 , 2009 , through july 15 , 2013 . '. dlott could then choose to certify that list as a ` class ' of plaintiffs .. irs commissioner john koskinen has insisted that his agency is no longer targeting conservative groups with special scrutiny , and has offered to green-list any group that promises it will limit its political activity to 40 per cent of its budget -- but some organizations are holdout out , claiming the law entitles them to a 50 per cent limit. the irs 's lawyers claimed that they could n't provide the court with the names of all the groups , saying they would have to turn over the very documents that section 6103 requires them to keep confidential .. the conservative plaintiffs said they would be happy to have only the spreadsheet that the inspector general got from the irs .. dlott agreed and ordered the agency to hand it over .. ` the court concludes that the return information sought is directly related to the issue of class certification in this federal court proceeding , ' her ruling reads .. ` the names of the putative class member organizations and their control dates -- the date which the putative class member organizations submitted their applications for tax exempt status to the irs -- are directly related to the issue of class certification . '. dlott decided that without the list , the plaintiffs would n't be able to show all the disaffected conservative applicants it has already identified share common experiences at the hands of america 's tax collectors .. courthouse news service first reported her ruling .. the irs is the federal agency americans most love to hate , polling worse in opinion surveys than congress. a partial list was unearthed by usa today in september 2013 , showing that as of 2011 the irs had questioned the political advocacy of 162 right-wing organizations and delayed approving their tax exemptions .. in an irs spreadsheet published online by the newspaper , partisan government officials characterized the activities of 21 of those groups as ` propaganda . '. dlott also ordered the irs to tell the court whether or not that list was authentic , the washington times reported .. former irs official lois lerner , who has been at the center of the targeting scandal since it emerged in 23 months ago , was facing the possibility of criminal contempt of congress charges until the obama administration 's department of justice declined on monday to prosecute her .. lerner , under subpoena in may 2013 , delivered an opening statement professing her innocence during a hearing but then refused to answer questions .
manchester city 's fa cup-winning goalkeeper , harry dowd , has died , aged 76 .. dowd , a member of the side who beat leicester city 1-0 at wembley in 1969 , played 181 games in nine years at maine road .. the salford-born keeper once famously scored for city , against bury , after switching to centre forward in a game in 1964 , having broken his thumb .. harry dowd ( third from right ) celebrates after manchester city win the fa cup at wembley in 1969. he joined the club as an amateur at the age of 20 in 1958 and carried on working as a plumber after turning professional two years later .. former city player fred eyre paid tribute to dowd , praising the popular stopper .. ` harry was one of the most popular at the club , we all used to love harry , ' said eyre .. ` he was a great goalkeeper . '. ` when we had training he would come over and train with the team , and then afterwards he would go straight back to work . '. dowd was succeeded at city by joe corrigan but continued playing at stoke city before ending his career at oldham athletic in 1974 .. dowd was a talented goalkeeper who continued working as a plumber throughout his professional career
neymar published a photograph of himself with his fellow barcelona attackers on tuesday night as supporters debated whether this was the greatest forward line in the club 's history .. the brazilian captioned the photo of himself with luis suarez and lionel messi : ` buena victoria chavaleeeeees ... .. the phrase translates : ` great victory lads ... come on ! '. but the cheeky brazilian had used the typically argentine/uruguayan expression ` dale ' in reference to his two team-mates .. luis suarez , neymar jnr and lionel messi pose for a picture in the dressing room after dismantling getafe. messi opens the scoring as he beats the keeper with a cheeky panenka penalty. messi celebrates after opening the scoring and setting barca on their way to a demolition. brazilians , argentines and uruguayans are not famed for always getting on but barca 's three amigos have clicked like no forward line in the club 's history smashing the 100 goal mark reached by messi , samuel eto'o and thierry henry in 2009 and they still have a possible eight games to play .. suarez 's record in his last 10 games is nine goals and four assists .. he has also created 20 chances in that time and when he scores barcelona always win .. he said : ` we have to be on our game from the first minute in the remaining matches because we know that every rival between now and the end of the season will be motivated to beat us .. but everyone here from the players to the staff and the supporters are giving everything .. we know we are obliged to win things . '. former liverpool striker suarez hooks a volley into the top corner to score his first of the night. messi watches on as he bends an effort into the top corner to score his second and barcelona 's sixth. neymar celebrates with lionel messi after giving barcelona a 3-0 lead at the nou camp on tuesday night. it was n't just about barca 's front three .. xavi was brilliant in the first half until he became luis enrique 's first substitution .. he was given a huge ovation by home supporters who chanted for the qatar-bound player to stay .. luis enrique said : ` xavi is loved here .. but we have to respect his decision [ to leave at the end of the season ] .. he is 35 after all . '. luis enrique 's name was also chanted and he joked : ` it is always the same 150 supporters that do that , i pay them . '. the barcelona coach was asked for his favourite goal of the six .. ` all of them ' he said .. ` i am struggling to remember any game with so many beautiful goals . '
parents craig and bonnie morgan want their children to have the best possible start in life .. and like many others , they have come to believe that a private education is the best way to achieve it .. but so desperate are they to get their son craig -- known to them as cj -- into a local prep school that they 've put their house on the market in order to pay the fees .. and that 's not all .. they 've also slashed their weekly grocery bills by more than half , taken in lodgers , and have pinned their hopes on a ` crowd-funding ' initiative , hoping members of the public will help them achieve their dream .. the morgan family outside their home in hastings with dad craig , mum bonnie and sons craig jr ( known as cj ) , nine , and alfie , four .. they are selling it for # 185,000 to help pay for craig jr 's prep school fees. ` we believe any child will benefit more from what a private education has to offer , ' said mrs morgan .. ` there is simply no comparison . '. the morgans , from hastings in east sussex , settled on the idea of a private education for their children after cj , who they say is academically gifted , found that he was n't being stretched at his state primary school .. ` we always knew cj was very bright , ' mrs morgan said .. ` by the age of two he could recite the continents and at nursery he was identified as gifted and talented .. ` by six he knew what every road sign meant and was reading paperbacks .. teachers say he is at least two years ahead academically compared with other children of the same age .. and we 've been told if he continues as he is doing with his maths , he is likely to gain a maths scholarship when he goes to senior school . '. despite his success at the local school -- rated as outstanding -- the morgans felt he was too bright for state education and not achieving as much as expected .. and then , they say , came a problem with playground bullying .. ` he won a trophy for his go-karting hobby and after taking it to school he was constantly taunted by two boys , ' mrs morgan said .. ` he started coming home in tears .. ` the final straw came when one yob yelled in his face and another punched cj for nothing .. the staff agreed it was an unprovoked attack but cj no longer wanted to go to school .. he started biting his nails and becoming withdrawn . '. battle abbey school in east sussex .. ` friends and family ca n't understand why we are giving up everything ' to send cj to the # 4,000 a term school , says mum bonnie. heartbroken , the morgans kept their son at home and contacted their local council to see if he could be transferred to a different primary school , but no places were available .. eventually in august 2014 -- and with cj refusing to return to his state school -- he sat the entrance exam for battle abbey prep school .. mrs morgan said : ` he sailed through the exam and when we looked round the school , we all fell in love with it .. there is a big emphasis on good manners there -- something that simply was n't emphasised as important at cj 's old school .. he loved it and in september started as a day pupil . '. but at # 4,000 a term , the fees were crippling for the family , particularly as their income depended on mr morgan 's work as a taxi driver .. however , having seen their son join the choir and become part of the water polo and hockey teams , all within just a term , the family decided to cash in the only real asset they possessed .. ` our net monthly household income is # 2,300 , ' said mrs morgan .. ` after bills and the mortgage have been paid , i 'm often left with just # 50 a week for food .. but we just want the best for cj .. ` friends and family ca n't understand why we are giving up everything .. they think we are mad to pauper ourselves to give cj -- and ultimately his four-year-old brother alfie -- a private education . '. as well as putting their house on the market , the morgans have taken in a number of lodgers and have set up a ` gofundme ' account in the hope of attracting donations of # 115,000 from the public .. mr morgan works as a taxi driver meaning the bishop abbey fees were crippling for the family , forcing them to sell their house , take in lodgers and attempt crowd-funding to afford them. ` holidays are out and even day trips are n't possible as we ca n't afford the petrol , ' said mrs morgan .. ` cj and alfie have given up their bedrooms so we can rent them out .. it means they have to sleep in the same bedroom as craig and me . '. private school fees are a growing problem for parents , with those on middling incomes finding themselves increasingly forced out .. since 1990 , fees have quadrupled , with the average cost of sending two children to private school now estimated at more than half a million pounds .. even so , figures from the independent schools council suggest that demand for private education is increasing .. mrs morgan said : ` the fees include extras such as some after-school clubs and trips .. his uniform alone with its different pairs of sports shoes and pe kit cost us # 500 .. we owe # 9,800 on three credit cards but can only afford to pay off the minimum amount every month . '. to help cut costs , the family 's # 120 weekly grocery bill has already been slashed to # 50 , thanks to bulk-buying and plenty of home-cooking .. the morgans have had to slash their weekly grocery bills by more than half to try and give cj , and in future his brother alfie , the private education they believe they deserve. ` our clothes come from second-hand shops and we 've even stopped the boys ' pocket money , ' mrs morgan added .. once their house is sold , the morgans plan to rent a property , using about # 85,000 of equity they have in their home to pay the fees .. ` ironically , as our mortgage is only around # 200 a month and renting will cost about # 1,000 , it is going to add to our outgoings , ' mrs morgan said .. ` but this way we can sleep at night .. we can clear our debts and , most importantly , pay for cj 's school fees .. ` of course some people 's children are lucky -- they sail through a state school and go on to become lawyers or doctors .. everyone has a choice and some parents would simply not want to make the sacrifices we are doing .. but , the facilities , the ambiance , the atmosphere -- it is all so much better than any state school .. if your child is at a private school he is simply far more likely to reach his potential .. ` every day i pick cj up from school he has a smile on his face .. he is full of enthusiasm and inspired by his lessons .. ` craig and i will always know we did the very best we could . '. to donate to cj 's scholarship fund go to gofundme.com/qrbd8w
the parents of a 5-year-old boy whose body was found inside a septic tank in virginia last month have been charged with felony child abuse and neglect .. pulaski county sheriff jim davis announced the arrests of ashley jennifer white , 30 , and paul thomas , 32 , thursday afternoon -- a week to the day after the tragic discovery .. their 5-year-old son , noah thomas , went missing from their home in rural dublin on the morning of march 22 as his mother slept with her infant daughter .. parents in custody : ashley jennifer white ( left ) , 30 , and her partner paul thomas ( right ) , 32 , have been charged with child abuse and neglect in the death of their 5-year-old son , noah , last month. tragic : noah thomas , five , was last seen watching cartoons march 22 at home in dublin , virginia .. police confirmed his body was found in a septic tank near the family home march 26. from left ; virginia state police lt. ed murphy , pulaski county sheriff jim davis , pulaski county commonwealth attorney , mike fleenor , during a press conference thursday announcing the arrest of white and thomas. after an intense-five days search , the child 's body was found in a septic tank on white and thomas ' property .. ` it came to a point where the evidence that we had we felt was sufficient to arrest them for probable cause , ' said commonwealth 's attorney mike fleenor of pulaski county , reported indianapolis star .. the couple 's 6-month-old daughter was removed from their home and placed in the custody of social services the day after noah 's body was recovered .. white and thomas were each charged with two counts of neglect and abuse involving noah and his baby sister .. during their arraignment via teleconference friday , both suspects objected to the presence of reporters in the courtroom .. ` this is the saddest thing that 's ever happened to me in my life , ' white was quoted as saying . '. i do n't feel people should be able to enjoy it over dinner . '. her boyfriend sounded a similar note , saying that he does n't want his life to be a news story .. the judge , however , allowed members of the media to stay in the room .. they are being held in jail without bond pending a court hearing scheduled for august 12 .. investigators are now waiting for the medical examiner 's office to release the results of noah 's autopsy to shed light on the cause of death , which could take weeks , if not months .. search crews have looked around the boy 's house .. his mother could not find him after she woke up at 10. investigators said search dogs stopped near the road near noah 's house , which is ` never typical '. white said noah , pictured left with his dad and right , was a cautious child who would not have run away. noah thomas was last seen alive sitting in his parents ' living room and watching cartoons at 9am march 22 .. his mother took her baby daughter , abigail , to another room and settled in for a nap .. more than an hour later , she woke up to find the back door open and noah gone .. nearly five days later , an fbi-backed search concluded with the discovery of noah 's lifeless body in a septic tank near the family home .. police and more than 100 volunteers who signed up to look for noah in the small town had covered about 3.3 square miles after the 60lb red-headed boy was reported missing .. pulaski county sheriff jim davis said at the time that authorities have no evidence of foul play in his disappearance , and that the family have cooperated with authorities .. investigators said search dogs stopped near the road adjacent to noah 's house , which is ` never typical ' .. no suspicious vehicles were seen in the area .. crews used helicopters in the search in the area , which is mostly residential with farmland and a woods by the boy 's house .. ashley white , who called police at 11am after searching for her child on her own , said that the boy was cautious and had no history of running away .. stephanie ide hudgins , paul thomas ' sister , described her brother and his partner as ` the best parents , hands down , ' reported roanoke times .. high school sweethearts : white and thomas ( pictured left and right ) met in junior high school but did not start dating until high school. touched by tragedy : the couple lost a good friend in a deadly abduction in 2000 , and white 's father was later murdered. proud dad : thomas ' sister said her brother and his partner were very excited about having a baby togehter .. thomas pictured here with noah not long after his birth. hudgins , a mother of four , said she would often call ashley if she had any questions about child-rearing .. noah 's aunt detailed how thomas and white met in junior high school but did not start dating until high school .. the couple have been touched by tragedy in the past .. a friend who helped arrange their first date , tara rose munsey , disappeared in january 2000 from her job at a taco bell .. her body was discovered in a ravine two weeks later .. she was 16 years old .. some years later , white 's father was murdered and her mother became gravely ill .. before the mother 's passing , white and thomas decided to have a baby together .. ` they were so excited to have noah , ' hudgins said .. ` noah was special anyways , before he even came into this earth . '
west ham manager sam allardyce conceded that his side are suffering from a psychological problem after marko arnautovic 's 95th-minute equaliser saw the hammers drop points for the second game in a row .. allardyce 's side had been on track for their first back-to-back home wins in almost four months but having already had two goals ruled out for offside , arnautovic eventually punished the fading hosts to earn a draw .. aaron cresswell had given the home side an early lead at upton park but after a strong start it was stoke who ended up dominating and they left with a deserved point .. marko arnautovic ( second left ) is mobbed by his stoke city team-mates after scoring a 95th minute equaliser at west ham united. west ham ( 4-1-2-1-2 ) : adrian 6.5 ; jenkinson 6.5 , collins 7 , reid 6 , cresswell 7 ; song 7 ( nolan 67 mins , 6 ) ; noble 6 , kouyate 7 ; downing 5.5 ; valencia 7.5 ( amalfitano 78 ) , sakho 6.5 ( cole 59 , 5.5 ) .. subs not used : jaaskelainen , jarvis , nene , o'brien .. booked : collins , nolan .. manager : sam allardyce 6.5 .. stoke city ( 4-2-3-1 ) : begovic 6.5 ; cameron 6 , shawcross 6 , wollscheid 5.5 , wilson 6 ( pieters 49 , 5.5 ) ; whelan 6 ( ireland 67 ) , nzonzi 6 ; moses 6.5 ( diouf 44 , 7 ) , adam 6.5 , arnautovic 7 ; walters 6.5 .. subs not used : butland , bardlsey , sidwell , crouch .. manager : mark hughes 6.5 .. referee : roger east 7 .. man of the match : marko arnautovic .. click here to view our brilliant match zone including the move for marko arnautovic 's 95th minute equaliser for stoke city. it is the fourth time this year that a late goal has cost the ninth-placed hammers after draws at manchester united , tottenham hotspur and the defeat at leicester city last week .. without the late goals they could be above swansea city and sitting on a club-record 50 points .. ` we ca n't find the right key elements to see that game out .. we leave ourselves on a nervous edge , ' allardyce said .. ` we are very nervous at that stage over what 's happened before and we should be on 50 points now .. we 've thrown away seven points in two minutes or less in four games .. ` if we had concentrated better in those ( last ) minutes , we would be sitting on our greatest total and finish ever in the ( premier ) league .. instead we are scratching our heads on when are we going to finish a game out again .. i thought we were going to do it today , but it finished miserably in the end over just a few seconds . '. west ham 's performances have dipped since a strong start to the season but there was no sign of any supposed complacency early on against stoke , and the reawakening coincided with the return of enner valencia .. it was stoke 's inability to deal with him led to the opening goal after seven minutes .. glenn whelan tripped valencia five yards outside the penalty area to give west ham an opportunity to shoot from the dead ball .. mark noble looked the most likely candidate and when he stepped over the ball it seemed to leave goalkeeper asmir begovic confused .. instead , unlikely scorer cresswell was the chosen one and he sent the free-kick over the wall and curling into the bosnian stopper 's top left-hand corner to give west ham the lead with his second goal of the season .. aaron cresswell ( right ) attempts to go past stoke forward arnautovic during the opening stages of saturday 's encounter. west ham midfielder alex song ( right ) runs with the ball in midfield as the home side look to record back-to-back home league wins. cresswell scored the opening goal of the game as west ham drew 1-1 with stoke in the premier league on saturday. cresswell ( right ) gave the hammers the lead with a free kick on seven minutes after enner valencia was fouled. the hammers left back watches on as his free kick curls up and over the stoke wall and into the top corner of the net. cresswell ( left ) is mobbed by his west ham team-mates who congratulate the west ham no 3 on his curled effort. west ham were well on top , and diafra sakho and cheikhou kouyate could have added to the lead inside the opening 20 minutes .. but as the half wore on it was stoke who looked the more likely to score .. valencia 's influence waned and instead it was arnautovic who took control , dominating cresswell down west ham 's left-hand side .. charlie adam curled an ambitious free-kick over the bar from 40 yards out in search of his second wonder goal in a week before jonathan walters silenced an impatient upton park with a low strike that looked to have gone in but had instead hit adrian 's side netting .. victor moses also had an opportunity , bringing down arnautovic 's cross inside the penalty area , spinning and firing in a shot that was deflected just wide .. allardyce would have been pleased just to see his side make it through to half-time unscathed and stoke went in at the break with a sense of injustice after hearing referee roger east blow his whistle as they prepared for the latest in a series of dangerous corners .. a low-key opening to the second half allowed the home side to settle a bit and they looked the better side until a mistake by winston reid gave adam a chance on the hour mark but a bobble came to the rescue and the scot shot wide .. stoke manager mark hughes ( right ) shows his emotion on the touchline as his side try to find a way back into the match at upton park. stoke forward victor moses ( left ) fires a shot at goal as the potters push for an equaliser in the first half at upton park. however , that proves to be the nigeria international 's final participation of the match as he injures his leg. referee roger east ( left ) calls for assistance as moses ( bottom ) lays in a heap on the pitch in the closing stages of the first half. moses ( centre ) hobbles off the pitch with the assistance of two stoke medics after injuring his leg following his shot. moses ' replacement mame biram diouf ( left ) is quickly into the thick of the action as he shields the ball away from james collins. stoke were dealt a further blow in the second half when defender marc wilson ( left ) had to leave the pitch injured. stoke midfielder charlie adam ( left ) battles for the ball against west ham captain kevin nolan in the second half. minutes later arnautovic had the ball in the net , slotting past adrian , but his run was correctly flagged for offside .. the spanish keeper 's goal seemed to be living a charmed life and particularly so as stoke went within an inch of equalising .. jonathan walters sent in a cross from the right that was met by the unmarked head of substitute mame biram diouf , who powered an effort towards goal only to see it bounce off the inside of the post , along the goal line and somehow staying out .. west ham looked like throwing it all away again late on .. arnautovic found adrian 's net for a second time but was again flagged for offside .. but the austrian was n't to be denied and he eventually scored with seconds left to spark wild celebrations in front of the away end .. stephen ireland flicked the ball on and arnautovic applied the finish , slipping the ball into the corner to leave a familiar scene for the home support .. stoke manager mark hughes said : ` it looked for a long time that we were n't going to be able to do it .. ` when we got into the fourth minute of added on time it looked as though it was n't going to be our day .. credit to the lads , i thought they were brilliant . '. players from both teams are involved in a heated argument after the final whistle of upton park clash on saturday afternoon. arnautovic applauds the jubliant travelling stoke fans who made the trip to upton park after the match. west ham players walk off the pitch dejected after conceding arnautovic 's late equaliser during saturday 's encounter
the queen had her fingers firmly crossed but luck was not on her side as he annual visit to newbury 's opening ended with two near-misses .. capel path , ridden by ryan moore and trained by sir michael stoute , finished third to richard hannon 's desert force in the dubai duty free full of surprises handicap but it was the queen 's hannon-trained two-year-old ring of truth who looked the one who got away .. the 7-1 shot , making her debut in the five furlong al basti equiworld maiden stakes , took time to understand what was required of her as she showed understandable signs of inexperience but the richard hughes-ridden daughter of royal applause was closing hard on winner harvard man at the line and was only touched off by short head .. the queen crossed her fingers for the race but only managed to come close with two near-misses at newbury. the queen looked like she was enjoying her day out at newbury despite not backing a winner at the races. the queen pictured in the parade ring with jockey richard hughes at newbury racecourse on friday. the queen 's ring of truth ( left ) pictured making her debut in the five furlong al basti equiworld maiden stakes. it was a performance , which if built upon , could make ring of truth worthy of a potential tilt at a race at royal ascot .. hannon said : ' it was a nice run and she will be better at six furlongs . '. the royal meeting is the likely destination of brian meehan-trained harvard man , a fourth winner from seven rides in britain this season for italian jockey antonio fresu .. meehan said : ` i think this fellow will go places .. all spring he has shown to be a really nice colt .. i took him to kempton for a day out three or four weeks ago for a little school and he was very impressive . '. the queen 's horse was closing hard on winner harvard man at the line and was only touched off by short head. the queen had her fingers firmly crossed on her day out but luck was not on her side at newbury
a california judge has reduced a child rapist 's mandatory 25-year sentence down to only 10 - saying anything longer would be ` cruel and unusual punishment ' .. superior court judge m. marc kelly told an orange county jury that 20-year-old kevin jonas rojano-nieto ` did not intend to harm ' the three-year-old girl he raped at his family home in june .. the judge said that he was sure that although rojano-nieto sodomized the girl and covered her mouth so she could n't scream out , ` there was no violence or callous disregard for the victim 's well-being ' .. controversial : superior court judge m. marc kelly ( seen here with a colleague in 2010 ) has handed a 10-year sentence to a 20-year-old child rapist .. the mandatory sentence should be 25-years to life. judge kelly also said rojano-nieto , ` inexplicably became sexually aroused but did not appear to consciously intend to harm the victim . '. prosecutor have said they will appeal the controversial decision and will be pushing for the minimum sentence of 25-years to life to be reinstated .. rojano-nieto was found guilty on december 3 of raping the girl who wandered into a garage where he was playing video games .. according to the court news service , rojano-nieto said he became aroused by the girl and pulled her pants down to rape her during the sickening attack .. while this was going on , he could apparently hear her mother calling out for her , so covered her mouth so she could n't scream back .. the girl told her mother after the assault that she was in pain and her mother called the police who found injuries consistent with rape .. rapist : kevin jonas rojano-nieto has been sentenced to 10-years behind bars for the rape of a 3-year-old girl. " although serious and despicable , this does not compare to a situation where a pedophilic child predator preys on an innocent child , " superior court judge m. marc kelly said according to ktla .. deputy district attorney whitney bokosky said she disagrees and will appeal .. she said that rojano-nieto knew what he was doing was wrong because he covered the girl 's mouth during the rape so she could n't call out .
chad geyen ( above ) of ramsey , minnesota was found dead on sunday of a self-inflicted gunshot wound. a man charged with multiple counts of sexual abuse against young boys killed himself the day before his trial .. chad geyen , a married father of two from ramsey , minnesota , was found dead on sunday from a self-inflicted gunshot wound at a park near his home .. he had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times , including his own foster son , between 1990 and 2013 .. the star tribune reports that geyen , 45 , was first reported missing on saturday night , having been out on bail since he was first charged in november 2013 .. he was set to stand trial on five counts of first-degree and two counts of second-degree criminal sexual conduct .. of the six individuals who have come forward , four are now adults , with the oldest saying the abuse began between him and geyen when he was part of the big brothers organization .. another boy claims geyen once paid him $ 20 to perform a sexual act , while a third actually lived with the man as his foster child .. that individual says he was 5-years-old when the abuse began , and that it occurred hundreds of times .. all the boys were under the age of 13 when the alleged abuse began .. while investigating , authorities found a fake facebook account created by geyen in which he claimed to be a 13-year-old girl to communicate with young boys .. there was also visits to a ` boy-love ' site in his web history .. ` it 's pretty unusual [ for abuse cases ] to go undetected after having this much contact with victims over such a long period of time , ' said anoka county sheriff 's cmdr. paul sommer when the charges were first filed .. ` there were hundreds of alleged incidents . '. the hennepin county medical examiner 's office is set to release further details about geyen 's death later this week .. • for confidential help , call the national suicide prevention lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 or click here. • for confidential support on suicide matters in the uk , call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here
a pilot has blamed one of his passengers for coughing ` incessantly ' into his headset during a short flight in the northern territory which caused him to forget to put the landing gear down , an air crash report has found .. the australian air transport safety bureau ( atsb ) released its report on wednesday into the ` wheels up landing ' on december 12 , 2014 at jabiru airport , southeast of darwin .. the unidentified pilot was flying a six-seat cessna 310 aircraft , registered vh-tbe , with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted by one of the passengers .. the pilot also reported that the children on board were ` excited and a little disruptive ' during the flight .. despite this , the report also found the pilot was ` relatively new to the c-310 ' and unfamiliar with the plane equipment .. a pilot has blamed one of his passengers for coughing ` incessantly ' into his headset during a short flight in the northern territory which caused him to forget to put the landing gear down , an air crash report has found. the unidentified pilot was flying a six-seat cessna 310 aircraft , registered vh-tbe , with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted by one of the passengers. ` the pilot of a cessna 310 aircraft was completing a charter flight from oenpelli to jabiru , northern territory , ' the atsb report read .. ` during the short flight , one of the passengers coughed incessantly through the headset which distracted the pilot .. once he had the aircraft stable he reached over and unplugged the headset . '. the pilot was further told the atsb that the three children on board were ` excited and a little disruptive , and he had kept a close watch on their activities ' .. he then reported to have commenced his pre-landing checks and verbalised ` undercarriage down ' , but made a decision to ` leave this particular action until later on final approach ' .. the australian air transport safety bureau ( atsb ) released its report on wednesday into the ` wheels up landing ' on december 12 , 2014 at jabiru airport , southeast of darwin. when he became aware of that the undercarriage remained retracted when the aircraft touched down , he landed the plane on the runway centreline and heard the propellers contacting the ground .. he then steered the aircraft slightly to the left of the runway as he was mindful of another aircraft in the circuit behind him .. ` this incident highlights the impact a combination of distractions can have on aircraft operations , ' the atsb report concluded .. however the report also found the pilot was ` relatively new to the c-310 ' .. ` in hindsight , he felt it would have been beneficial to have been familiarised with all the annunciators on tbe prior to flying the aircraft , ' the report read .. there were no injuries to either the pilot or passengers but the aircraft was ` substantially damaged ' .. a spokesman for the atsb was unable to reveal the name of the pilot and the company involved .. ` while details of the pilot and charter company are not secret it is not the remit of the atsb to divulge that information , ' the spokesman told daily mail australia .
a briton jailed in burma for using an image of the buddha to promote his bar has been ` abandoned ' by the foreign office , according to human rights campaigners .. phil blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour by a burmese court last month after posting the mocked-up image of the buddha wearing dj headphones on facebook .. the tongue-in-cheek advert for a cheap-drinks night at the vgastro bar in rangoon provoked outrage among devout buddhists .. phil blackwood ( left ) was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour by a burmese court last month after posting a mocked-up image of buddha wearing dj headphones on facebook .. human rights campaigners claim he has been ` abandoned ' by the foreign office. the 32-year-old bar manager , who has dual new zealand and british nationality , was found guilty of insulting religion along with the bar 's burmese owner and another manager , despite apologising profusely for posting the picture .. all three were given the same sentence .. mps and human rights campaigners said mr blackwood , who is married with a young daughter , is enduring appalling conditions in the notorious insein prison .. they also claimed the british government had ` turned its back ' on mr blackwood , who lived in middlesbrough until his family moved to new zealand when he was four .. the 32-year-old bar manager , who has dual new zealand and british nationality , was found guilty of insulting religion because of this picture. in a commons answer , a foreign office minister admitted he was not aware mr blackwood was a british citizen .. last night , his father brian insisted that the family had informed the british authorities of his son 's dual nationality after his arrest .. although new zealand diplomats were taking the lead , he said that the family expected the foreign office to exert pressure on burma .. middlesbrough mp andy mcdonald said : ` philip blackwood has been unjustly imprisoned for an honest mistake for which he has already issued a heartfelt apology .. ` as a british citizen , rather than turning their back on mr blackwood , the foreign and commonwealth office should be pulling every available leaver to secure his immediate and unconditional release so that he can return to his family . '. there is international concern over a surge of religious nationalism in burma , ruled until recently by a military junta .. a foreign and commonwealth office spokesman said : ` our ambassador in burma made clear that we were following the case closely when he raised it with the burmese minister of the presidency .. ` our embassy in rangoon has provided advice and support to the new zealanders on mr blackwood 's case . '
an estimated 957,000 shoppers in the us alone ordered apple watches on friday and this popularity surpassed expectations - even apple 's .. in a leaked memo from the firm 's angela ahrendts , the retail chief said that customers wo n't be able to buy an apple watch in store ` through the month of may ' due to ` high global interest combined with our initial supply . '. it was expected to launch on 24 april .. ms ahrendts added it had not been an easy decision and would provide more updates as the firm gets ` closer to in-store availability . '. in a leaked memo from apple 's angela ahrendts the retail chief wrote : ` due to high global interest combined with our initial supply , we are only taking orders online right now [ and ] we expect this to continue through the month of may . '. it was expected to launch on 24 april. the memo was seen by rhiannon williams at the telegraph .. pre-orders of the watch began on friday at 12.01 am pdt ( 8.01 am bst ) and within an hour many models in various regions had sold out including the most expensive 38mm gold edition version in the us and canada .. models were showing a shipping time of four to six weeks or , in some cases , june despite the watch going on general sale on 24 april .. an estimated 957,000 american shoppers ordered apple watches on friday .. that estimate comes from slice intelligence , which measures digital commerce by tracking consumer e-receipts .. its data from online shoppers showed an average of 1.3 watches bought per customer , with $ 503.83 ( # 337 ) spent per item - although apple has not officially confirmed any sales figures .. in a recent goldman sachs survey , more than 10 per cent of iphone owners say they will buy an apple watch , a new survey has found .. goldmach sachs surveyed 1,000 people , and found 11 % of people who own an iphone are ` very likely ' to buy the $ 349 smart timepiece this year .. it said the demand for the watch was ` encouraging ' , and says sales are likely to hit hit traditional watch firms .. it was initially believed that those who were willing to queue on 24 april would be able to buy the watch before people who had pre-ordered .. but ms ahrendts memo has confirmed otherwise .. ` it 's important to remember that apple watch is not just a new product but an entirely new category for us , ' the memo continued .. ` there 's never been anything quite like it .. that 's why , for the first time , we are previewing a new product in our stores before it has started shipping .. ` given the high interest and initial supply at launch , we will be able to get customers the model they want earlier and faster by taking orders online . '. she added that this is n't the way apple intends to launch all new products form now on and it loves ` those blockbuster apple product launch days ' , but told store employees to be prepared for the changes .. on friday many buyers reported apple 's site was still down after the launch time , forcing them to order the device through the apple app store on their phones or tablets .. as part of the first wave of pre-orders , the watch can be bought online by people in the us , canada , uk , germany , france , australia , hong kong , china and japan .. the watch also went on display in apple stores across these regions , as well as in galeries lafayette in paris , isetan in tokyo , selfridges in london , and select apple resellers in japan and china .. online pre-orders began on friday at 12.01 am pdt ( 8am bst ) and although apple said the devices will ship on 24 april within just an hour this had been pushed back to june .. buyers also reported the site was still down after the launch time , forcing them to order the device through the apple app store app. ms ahrendts added it had not been an easy decision and would provide more updates as the firm gets ` closer to in-store availability . '. it was initially thought those who were willing to queue on 24 april would get the watch in stores before people who had pre-ordered .. but ms ahrendts ' memo has confirmed otherwise. ` will the apple watch change your life ?. well , possibly more than many realise until they start using it .. ` after a day or two with the watch , a strange thing happened - i completely stopped checking my phone .. ` while apple may be the firm that really creates phone addiction , meaning we are constantly checking our handsets , with the apple watch it may have cured it .. ` apple undoubtedly has another hit on its hands with the watch .. ` as more and more apps appear , and developers actually get to spend time with it , i fully expect it be used in ways we ca n't even imagine now .. ` much like the iphone , apps could propel this to become a new computing platform - and even with the features it already has , the apple watch is the most elegant way to communicate digitally . '. as with all apple launches , the californian tech giant took its store offline hours before the pre-order time to update its product pages .. however , shortly after the pre-orders opened customers took to twitter to complain the site was still down and they could n't access the checkout .. one said : ` irritated that i stayed up until 3am to pre-order an #applewatch and the site was down until after the may inventory already sold out . '. and even after orders had been placed , some customers had trouble receiving confirmation details and delivery dates .. one twitter user wrote : ' #applewatch ordered but no email confirmation and the ` orders ' section on their site and app is down so i ca n't confirm it went through . '. another wrote : ` no way in hell am i preordering an #applewatch today when it wo n't ship until june . '. and another added : ` there 's an #applewatch for everyone . '. unless you want it before june . '. but for people who want to try on the watch they can book an appointment online .. a mailonline investigation earlier this week revealed that the uk is the most expensive place in the world to buy the majority of apple watch models .. apple 's site and app still say the watch is available from 24 april , but when a model is selected and added to the customer 's online basket ( pictured ) , this changes .. a sport model currently has a dispatch time of four to six weeks , while the edition model has a june delivery date. and for people who want to try on the watch they can book an appointment online ( pictured ) .. the memo added this is n't the way apple intends to launch all new products form now on and it loves ` those blockbuster apple product launch days ' but told store employees to prepare for the change. the most expensive edition model costs up to # 2,500 more in the uk compared to elsewhere in the world , while at the lower end of the scale british buyers pay up to # 63 more for the sport model .. the cheapest model is the 38mm sport version and costs # 299 in the uk .. in the us , the same model costs $ 349 , but this does n't include sales tax .. sales tax in the us depends on the region where the product is sold , but as an example california has one of the highest rates - at 9 % - while montana has zero .. all prices shown in the table above are for the most expensive option in each model and region .. prices also include all relevant sales taxes .. beneath each foreign price is the conversion rate in gbp .. in the us , california was chosen because it has one of the highest sales taxes at 9 % , while montana was chosen for the opposite end of the scale because it does n't have a sales tax .. quebec in canada has one of the highest sales taxes at 15 % , while alberta has one of the lowest at 5 % .. prices and conversions were correct at the time of writing .. with both of these sales taxes added to the price of the sports model in the us , the total cost works out at $ 380.41 ( # 257 ) and $ 349 ( # 236 ) in the respective states .. this is a difference of # 42 when bought in california , compared to the uk , and # 63 when compared to montana .. the effect is magnified for the top-of-the-range edition version , which costs from # 8,000 for the 38mm model in britain , compared to a starting price of $ 10,000 in the us .. at the time of writing , $ 10,000 converts to # 6,769 - which equates to a difference of # 1,231 before charges are taken into account .. the most expensive version of the 38mm edition in the uk is # 13,500 in the uk , and $ 17,000 in the us .. when sales taxes are added to the us model , the price rises to $ 18,530 in california , which converts to # 12,543 - a difference of # 957 .
planners in windsor have allowed two costa cafes less than 500 yards apart ( file picture ). coffee addicts in windsor wo n't have to go far for a fix -- after planners in the royal borough allowed two costa shops less than 500 yards apart .. and anyone really desperate can always stop off at the costa express in between .. the latest costa will open on the site of the former dedworth road hsbc branch , the last bank in the area before it closed last year amid protests .. less than 500 yards away is a costa which replaced a cycle shop earlier this year .. it means there will be two costas just a brisk five-minute walk apart , plus the costa express at a petrol station between them .. one resident , samantha taylor , wrote online : ' i think it 's mad and i wish our local councils could see that we are drowning in fast food and coffee shops in windsor . '. however , matt gordon-smith said : ` the important point here is that this is in dedworth which formerly would n't have had such businesses coming here .. ` surely places like costa coming in rather than another fast-food shop or betting shop - there will soon be three within a mile - is that a sign that this part of windsor is on the up ? '. costa 's planning application says the new shop would be a ` significant driver to local trade ' .. planners said there was no legal reason to refuse .. costa were unavailable for comment .. it means there will be two costas just a brisk five-minute walk apart , plus the costa express at a petrol station between them ( file picture )
zoe hadley , also known as zoe hommel , who hanged herself in a hotel room after suffering a mystery illness. the teenage daughter of a leading solicitor hanged herself in a hotel room after years of suffering a mystery illness that left her unable to eat , walk or open her eyes for long periods , an inquest has heard .. zoe hadley , 19 , also known as zoe hommel , had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13 and was found dead at a hotel in putney , south west london last year .. an inquest at westminster coroners court heard how her parents , solicitor lisa hommel and her gp father laurence , struggled to treat her condition .. the inquest heard how doctors could find no physical cause for her illness and that the teenager refused to accept she had mental health problems .. she insisted on having a series of operations , including the removal of her healthy appendix and accused her father of conspiring to fake an operation to make her believe she 'd had a surgery for a prolapse .. the inquest also heard that miss hadley suffered from psychosis but hid the condition from doctors , making them think she was not a suicide risk .. after her death , notes she had written saying she was ` tormented by voices ' indicating she might have been suffering from schizophrenia , the hearing was told .. a statement read to the hearing on behalf of her father , dr hommel , described how he and his wife fought to cope with their daughter 's illness and their vain attempts to help her .. he said : ` she was a beautiful , intelligent , loving daughter .. ` up until the age of 13 she excelled at school .. in 2009 she started to suffer terrible headaches and no physical causes were found .. ` she was not eating , drinking or opening her eyes .. it took her three months of treatment at great ormond street hospital to open her eyes and look at us , four months to eat solid food , six months before she could get into a wheelchair .. the cause of the illness was never found . '. he said she recovered quickly and was ` so determined ' to catch up with her friends after missing nine months of school she did a year 's work in just one month , later coming top of her class .. however , she relapsed in april 2011 and became convinced she could not use her legs .. her parents tended to her while trying to convince her she was perfectly fit .. dr hommel added : ` from the age of 16 she started to go to the doctors to seek diagnoses for a neurological disease she believed she suffered from and seek a cure for her paralysis .. ` in september 2011 she cut off all her school friends and never spoke to them again . '. during that time she was bedbound for 18 months in hospital , but decided one day she was better and started getting involved as an actress and planning to go to america to finish her studies , the inquest heard .. when she was 18 she had her appendix removed without telling her parents .. in may 2014 , after going under anaesthetic for an ` unnecessary operation ' she began to hear voices .. she also suffered from obsessive compulsive disorder ( ocd ) and spent three to four hours a day washing herself and her possessions , leaving her skin raw and bleeding .. at one point she was admitted to hospital after her body mass index dropped to 15 , the inquest heard .. the inquest heard that miss hadley , pictured , suffered from psychosis but hid the condition from doctors , making them think she was not a suicide risk. she was treated at the priory clinic for ocd , but was released because she refused food and doctors feared she would starve herself to death unless she was allowed to return home and be treated there .. her father explained : ` we sought expert psychiatric help for her which she rejected .. ` she became increasingly psychotic , the voices returned with intensity .. it was unintelligible to her that her illnesses were not physical .. we hope she is finally at peace and her soul is in a better place . '. jonathan bindman , who worked at barnet , enfield and haringey mental health trust , took charge of miss hadley 's treatment after she was released from the priory in october 2014 .. he diagnosed her with somatoform disorder , an anxiety-related condition whose sufferers feel real pain that ca n't be medically explained .. however , he said that had she revealed the extent of her psychosis he would have diagnosed her with schizophrenia and given her the treatment she needed .. he added : ` zoe was not prepared to cooperate .. westminster coroner 's court , pictured , heard how miss hadley was an intelligent and gifted young woman until showing signs of mental illness. ` she experienced delusions around the issue her father and a surgeon had faked an operation and was conspiring against her . '. detective constable william hanlan , who carried out the investigation into her death , said she checked into the mk hotel in putney on the morning of january 26 last year .. the next day her body was found by a cleaner .. recording a verdict of suicide , westminster coroner fiona wilcox said : ` she was an intelligent , gifted young woman , who until the age of 13 was normal but very clever .. ` from 2009 she began to show signs of a serious mental illness .. her symptoms were persistent ideas she suffered from some illness that was undiagnosed by doctors .. ` she was very intelligent and used her intelligence at times to share with those around her as much as she wanted them to know and did so successfully .. ` her illness was incredibly disabling and completely affected every aspect of her life .. ` she was suffering from a psychotic illness which impacted on her decision to take her own life .. maybe she intended to take her own life to escape from the illness or she took her own life suffering under a delusion .. ` her parents , clearly for many years , did everything possible for their daughter who was very clearly troubled and unwell . '
a teacher in new jersey who assigned her third-grade class to write ` get well ' letters to a sick inmate convicted of killing a philadelphia police officer was suspended friday , the school superintendent said .. orange school superintendent ronald lee said in a statement that school administrators ` vehemently deny ' any knowledge of marilyn zuniga 's assignment .. preliminary inquiries found that zuniga did not seek approval from administrators nor were parents notified , lee said .. the letters were delivered to mumia abu-jamal in prison following his hospitalization last month for what his family said was treatment for complications from diabetes .. suspended : marilyn zuniga ( left ) , a teacher at forest street school in orange , new jersey ( right ) , controversially had her third graders write letters to mumia abu-jamal and then sent them to the cop killer as he was recovering in hospital from collapsing in prison .. she has now been suspended without pay , pending an investigation. ill : mumia 's supporters say photos of the prison journalist released this week by his wife show how ill and frail he is .. untreated diabetes is said to be the reason for abu-jama 's hospitalization last week , but he has since been released. the former black panther is serving life behind bars for the 1981 murder of white philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner .. his conviction was upheld through years of appeals , but he has gained international support for his claim that he is the victim of a racist justice system .. a supporter and history professor at baruch college , johanna fernandez , brought him the letters .. she posted on her facebook page that ` he chuckled as he read excerpts from these touching letters ' .. abu-jamal was released from a hospital in pottsville , pennsylvania , on april 1 , and returned to the prison , she said .. the school district was closed for spring break and the superintendent said a full investigation would begin when classes resume on monday .. zuniga will remain suspended without pay until the investigation is completed , the superintendent said .. additional action could be taken by the school board once the investigation is finished .. an email the associated press sent zuniga seeking comment was not immediately returned .. a second batch of students , from the the philadelphia student union , also sent abu-jama letters .. ` get well soon ' : third graders in orange , new jersey , and high school students in the philadelphia student union have sent mumia abu-jamal letters wishing him well after he was hospitalized last week. delivery : johanna fernandez ( right ) , a professor of history at baruch college , delivered mumia abu-jamal a batch of letters from two different schools in hospital .. he is pictured here also with ( from left ) abdu jon and pam africa. ` we shared a touching moment with mumia in an effort to raise his spirits , ' fernandez reported .. ` two teachers delivered letters to us that their students had written to mumia . '. ` it had been a long time since we had seen mumia smile . '. a picture of some of the letters appeared online , however it is unclear what they actually said .. however the fact they were written and then presented to abu-jamal has infuriated many .. richard costello , political coordinator for the philadelphia fraternal order of police , said the letters set a dangerous example . '. i think it 's both alarming and outrageous that any teacher would use a group of innocent seven-year-olds to promote a twisted agenda glorifying murder , glorifying hatred and glorifying violence , ' costello told fox news .. ` he shot ( the officer ) in the back and then as the officer lay slumped against a wall helpless he leaned over and shot him between the eyes .. ` when he was in the hospital he actually bragged about it . '. costello said all the teachers involved in the letter writing campaign should be fired .. ` furthermore all the parents who have children in that school system need to reevaluate that involvement , because these children are now placed in danger by the very people charged with their education , ' costello said .. ` they are being used as tools in someone 's twisted agenda . '. hospitalized : convicted cop killer mumia abu-jamal was placed in the critical care unit of a pennsylvania hospital last week after collapsing in prison. costello has previously described abu-jamal as ` the devil ' .. abu-jamal is thought to have collapsed in prison due to high blood sugar levels .. attorney bret grote with the pittsburgh-based abolitionist law center said last week that his client was placed in the critical care unit of schuylkill medical center in pottsville , pennsylvania .. grote says neither he nor abu-jamal 's brother , keith cook , had been allowed in to see him .. ` we 're concerned , about as concerned as it gets , about mumia 's health , ' grote told the philadelphia inquirer .. a pennsylvania department of corrections official also declined to provide details .. a spokesman for pottsville 's schuylkill medical center says he had no information about abu-jamal .. ` we never discuss an inmate 's medical condition , ' deputy press secretary susan bensinger told the inquirer .. mumia 's hospitalization was revealed monday when a group of his friends arrived to the state correctional institution at mahanoy for a visit and were informed by prison staff that he was n't there .. while grote and others had permission with the prison to visit mumia , the hospital had not yet cleared them .. grote said he hoped the matter would be cleared up by tuesday .. abu-jamal is a former black panther serving life in prison for the 1981 murder of white philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner .. treated : lawyers with pittsburgh-based abolitionist law center say prison officials told them mumia was being treated last week at pottsville 's schuylkill medical center ( pictured ) .. his conviction was upheld through years of appeals , but he has gained international support for his claim that he 's the victim of a racist justice system .. mumia 's death sentence was overturned in 2012 .. abu-jamal supporters include celebrities like whoopi goldberg , and many hail him as a revolutionary .. abu-jamal has written several books , hosted his own radio show and even has a street named after him in france .. mumia abu-jamal ( left ) is a former black panther serving life in prison for the 1981 murder of white philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner ( right ) .. his conviction was upheld through years of appeals , but his death sentence was converted to life in prison in 2012
danny lennon 's interim appointment as scotland under 21 coach officially ended as reports claim he will be named as alloa athletic boss on tuesday .. the former st mirren boss has reportedly agreed a deal to take charge of the scottish championship side until the summer of 2016 .. paddy connolly has been in temporary charge of the wasps since barry smith resigned on march 7 .. danny lennon has left his role as interim scotland under 21 manager. lennon , who left the buddies in may 2014 , took charge of the scotland under 21 side for a 2-1 friendly victory against hungary last month .. the scottish fa issued a statement which read : ` the scottish fa can confirm that danny lennon 's interim appointment as scotland under 21 coach has now come to an end .. ` danny leaves with the association 's best wishes after dedicating himself to the stewardship of the team for the 2-1 victory against hungary in tatabanya last month . '. stewart regan , scottish fa chief executive added : ' i would like to thank danny for the professionalism and enthusiasm with which he took charge of the under 21 squad .. ` while danny was aware of the short-term nature of the job , his preparation for the match was meticulous and he was rewarded with a victory that he will savour for years to come .. the former st mirren manager looks set to take over at scottish championship club alloa athletic '. i know he thrives on the day-to-day involvement of club management and i am certain he will be a success in his next challenge .. on behalf of the scottish fa i wish danny the best of luck for the future . '. lennon said : ' i knew from the outset this was an interim appointment but it was an honour and pleasure to serve my country at international level . '. i put everything into making sure the under-21s got a positive result and i would like to thank the players and coaching staff for ensuring a great performance and a win , one i will treasure for the rest of my career . '. i would like to thank stewart regan and everyone at the scottish fa and would welcome the opportunity to work with them again in the future . '. a permanent appointment for the role of national under 21 coach will be made in due course .
` steph curry with the shot , ' is a lyric synonymous from hip hop star drake 's song 0 to 100 and the point guard has been showing off his stunning finishing skills again during a recent practice session .. curry has led the golden state warriors to the top of the western conference standings in the regular nba season with his immaculate three-point shooting .. and the 27-year-old demonstrated why he is widely-regarded as one of the best-ever shooters from behind the arc in basketball history , with a golden state ' three-point drill - where he made a staggering 77 shots in the row .. golden state warriors ' steph curry ( right ) made 77 consecutive three-point attempts in a row during practice. curry ( right ) watches on as his shot from behind the arc finds the basket during the golden state session. the 27-year-old ( right ) shot from various angles - with the end product the same for the point guard. warriors ' no 30 made a staggering 94 out of his 100 attempts during the three-point drill. however , the mvp candidate ( left ) was left frustrated when one of his efforts bounced back off the rim and out. shooting from various angles the warriors ' no 30 proves practice makes perfect as he finds the basket with ease .. however , being the perfectionist that he is curry was aggrieved he could n't make it 78 shots in a row when his effort rebounds off the rim - causing a scream of frustration from the point guard .. in total , the ohio-born star successfully hit 94 of his 100 attempts during the session - a marked improvement on his season average of 44.2 per cent come game time in the nba .. despite the missed effort though , curry has been virtually flawless for steve kerr 's side this season .. on april 9 , the mvp candidate eclipsed his own nba record for most three-pointers in a season , which stood at 272 , by scoring 45 points to rally golden state to a 116-105 victory over the portland trail blazers .. and curry will be looking to end the regular campaign in devastating fashion once more from three-point range when golden state look to improve on their season record of 66-15 when they host the denver nuggets on wednesday night at the oracle arena .. curry broke his own nba three-point record as the warriors beat portland trail blazers on april 10. curry ( centre ) hit eight three-pointers to to eclipse his previous nba best of 272 made in a single season
paris saint-germain manager laurent blanc admitted that barcelona were superior to his side ` in virtually every department ' as he saw his team slump to a 3-1 defeat in the first leg of the quarter-final at the parc des princes .. an early strike from neymar and second-half brace from luis suarez sealed victory for barcelona and placed the catalan outfit into a commanding position ahead of the return at the nou camp on tuesday .. blanc admitted his side felt the absence of the suspended marco verratti and zlatan ibrahimovic , while psg were also unable to start with david luiz and saw thiago silva hobble off in the early stages .. luis suarez eases past david luiz en route to scoring his second goal of the champions league tie. gerard pique leads the celebrations after barcelona secured a 3-1 victory in paris on wednesday night. ` i 'm not going to make excuses about us being depleted , ' said blanc .. ` i 'm not doing that .. we put a team out there , but we were dominated by barcelona .. ` it 's only six days until the second leg , with a league game in between , so it 's a ` short week ' for people to recover .. i think barcelona were fitter than us .. we had players who were n't at 100 per cent , and also a lot of absentees , but that should have been a motivation for us .. we never controlled the ball well enough , and barca were better than us in virtually every department .. ` we will have the suspended players back next week , and that is an incentive .. we 'll try and put on a better show than we did tonight .. they were better than us tonight and scored three goals .. we 'll try and show a different psg at barcelona next week .. hopefully we will achieve a different result . '. laurent blanc made no excuses for his side as they now face elimination from the champions league. david luiz , who started the game from the substitutes ' bench , endured a night to forget in the french capital. in the end , the frenchman was relieved to escape only 3-1 down .. ` it did n't end up as bad as it might have done , but the players are very disappointed with the way it went , ' he said .. ` we gave the impression we gave barcelona the kind of game they wanted to pay .. they made life difficult for us on the counter-attack and have players who can be very dangerous . '. barcelona manager luis enrique was delighted with his side 's showing and reserved special praise for suarez .. ` suarez is special in his own way , ' enrique said , ` look at the goals he scored for ajax and liverpool .. he is very strong and finishes so well .. but it was n't just about luis suarez tonight .. we were superb in defence , midfield and attack . '
an oregon lawmaker proposed legislation monday creating uniform standards for hand dryers in public restrooms .. the bill says that the recent proliferation of powerful dryers is efficient , but can sometimes trigger ringing of in the ears , or cause discomfort for people with development or sensory disabilities .. the measure would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels .. according to the federal centers for disease control and prevention , that is about as loud as a school cafeteria .. a measure proposed to the oregon legislature would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels , about as loud as a school cafeteria .. it also would n't allow hand dryers blowing air downwards to blow air faster than 115 mph , in case the hand-dryer manufacturer does n't label the decibel level .. bill sponsor democratic sen. chris edwards told the senate committee on business and transportation that the new generation of hand dryers used to elicit episodes in his autistic son , who would cry and cover his ears when he heard them .. it 's not the hand-dryer motor that 's too loud , edwards said , it 's the ` air knife ' against the hand that can cause a sharp , shrill sound . '. i almost did n't bring this bill because this is not the most consequential bill of the legislative session .. we all know that , ' edwards said .. democratic senator chris edwards ( left ) sponsored the bill after his autistic son had episodes after hearing loud hand dryers .. republican senator chuck thomsen ( right ) says he prefers paper hand drying. ` but nonetheless there are those of us that just find these hand dryers to be extraordinarily obnoxious and disruptive to family members . '. the bill would also ` requires downward blowing hand dryer to not blow air at an air velocity that exceeds 115 miles per hour ' .. high-speed , efficient new hand dryers , such as the dyson airblade or the excel xlerator , are fast replacing the old models , which often left hands still dripping wet .. still , there are some who would prefer if hand dryers were a thing of the past altogether .. ` the new ones are faster , but i still would ban them all and go back to paper , ' said republican sen. chuck thomsen of hood river .. the bill , sb 488 , is scheduled for a hearing on wednesday .
for talented youth team strikers fighting for their big break in the game , goals really are the best currency to convert into those precious first-team minutes .. and after extraordinary seasons in which they have both smashed the 35-goal mark , chelsea 's teenage strike duo tammy abraham and dominic solanke are certainly flush at the moment .. the two 17-year-olds are in the form of their young lives , enhancing their reputations every time they find the net and boosting their chances of jose mourinho handing them some game time once the premier league title has been secured .. tammy abraham scores for chelsea during their 3-1 fa youth cup final first leg win against manchester city. striker dominic solanke celebrates after scoring chelsea 's third goal at the academy stadium on monday. and after the portuguese manager said his first-team squad had space for ` three or four kids ' next season , there is every incentive to keep scoring .. the latest victim of their remarkable goalscoring spree was manchester city in the first leg of the fa youth cup final on monday night .. chelsea will take a commanding 3-1 lead into the second leg at stamford bridge after abraham 's double - which took his tally to 36 for the season - was added to late on by solanke , who has now reached 35 .. the blues have consciously tried to recruit talented young players from the london area and camberwell-born abraham , who joined the club in the under eights , is a success story of this policy .. by any standards , he has enjoyed an exceptional season and one that has featured numerous milestones in his development .. most striking has been the sheer volume of goals for the under 18 team , who finished 10 points clear at the top of the southern section of the premier league at that age group , and are currently competing in the play-off round .. abraham is top scorer in the whole competition with 22 goals .. solanke ( no 9 ) celebrates with abraham after the latter 's second goal of the night and 36th this season. solanke , pictured scoring against city , could play for the first-team against arsenal this weekend. highlights included back-to-back hat-tricks in away matches with tottenham ( which ended in 4-2 and 6-4 wins ) , plus four goals during chelsea 's run to success in the uefa youth league , the continental competition for under 19 teams .. this campaign has also seen a scoring debut for chelsea 's under 21 side and a first involvement with the england youth set-up .. it has been the kind of scoring sequence where pretty much anything struck seems to fly into the top corner and that was the case for abraham 's first goal against city .. controlling charlie colkett 's excellent ball over the top to allow it to run across his body , he sent his shot spearing into the top corner .. it was a moment that drew considerable attention on twitter .. little wonder the dreadlocked frontman described ` scoring goals as the best feeling ever ' in an interview after the match .. his second goal showed the sort of instinct all successful strikers need , positioning himself on the edge of city 's six-yard box to hook the ball home after the goalkeeper had blocked an initial header from izzy brown .. abraham ( right ) poses with team-mates charly musonda and izzy brown ( l-r ) after winning the youth league. solanke trains regularly with chelsea 's first-team and made his senior debut against maribor this season. another strength is his ability to play across the forward line , on either flank or as a central targetman .. on monday , he started on the right , with solanke as the no 9 and izzy brown on the other side .. when asked about it , abraham showed a studious nature when it comes to watching the game : ` over the years you see how people have to change their positions in games and it 's a good thing if you can adapt . '. solanke is a more familiar name to not only followers of chelsea but football fans in general .. he has been part of mourinho 's first-team squad all season alongside brown , 18 , and the midfielder ruben loftus-cheek , 19 .. they train daily with the first team and solanke made his professional debut when he replaced oscar for the final 20 minutes of a champions league match with maribor back in october .. he seems well-suited to the continental stage , as shown by the tournament-best 12 goals he scored as chelsea became the first english side to lift the youth league after beating shakhtar donetsk in nyon , switzerland last week .. solanke scored in every round in that competition and has now done likewise in the youth cup , a competition he won when chelsea beat fulham in last season 's final .. abraham acrobatically puts chelsea 2-1 ahead against manchester city after isaac buckley 's equaliser. solanke scores chelsea 's second goal in their 3-2 win over shakhtar donetsk in the uefa youth league final. by his standards , it was a quiet night against city but when his chance came in the closing minutes , he made no mistake and scored a potentially tie-killing third .. with diego costa out injured and loic remy and didier drogba doubtful , there is a chance solanke will play against arsenal in the premier league this weekend .. his performances this season , which has also seen him elevated to england under 18 standard , mean he is no longer an unknown quantity but any first-team action between now and the close of the campaign will be valuable .. solanke is calm about his future but certainly not complacent .. he said after the youth league success : ` it 's a tough task at chelsea to get into the first team but you 've just got to keep working and see what happens .. ` you 've got to keep trying to improve and impress and who knows what happens in the future . '. like abraham , he is certainly making a compelling case at the moment .
another day , another baton change , another away defeat for middlesbrough .. aitor karanka would surely have made his defenders walk home from watford were it not for the probability they 'd spend most of the journey travelling in circles .. this was that kind of game , a top-of-the-table occasion when middlesbrough needed to deliver but ultimately failed on every scale -- they did not create , they did not contain .. they might have survived with deficiencies in one department , but not both .. what a cruel time to deliver one of their worst performances of a brilliant season .. what a cruel time for the championship 's best defence to explode at the seams .. odion ighalo 's shot flies into the top corner of dimi konstantopoulos ' net on 65 minutes. watford ( 3-5-2 ) : gomes ; cathcart ( connolly 60 ) , angella , hoban ; paredes , guedioura ( layun 90 ) , watson , tozser , anya ; deeney , ighalo ( vydra 69 ) .. subs not used : bond , pudil , munari , abdi .. booked : guedioura , layun .. goals : deeney 37 , ighalo 65 .. middlesbrough ( 4-2-3-1 ) : konstantopoulos ; tiendalli ( kalas 63 ) , woodgate , amorebieta , friend ; leadbitter , clayton ( forshaw 84 ) ; adomah , tomlin ( kike 62 ) , reach ; bamford .. subs not used : ripley , gibson , whitehead , vossen .. referee : mike jones ( cheshire ). they gifted troy deeney his 20th goal of the season and they contributed significantly to odion ighalo scoring his 19th in the second half .. with that , watford rose and middlesbrough fell .. that has been the way of this remarkable season in this peculiar division , for which everyone and no-one has staked a claim .. the championship lead which boro held at the start of play has now changed hands 16 times , with watford back in prominence and karanka sounding like a man searching for a positive note .. karanka said : ` the players are completely destroyed but i am very proud of them .. we have players who have come from league one and other teams in the championship , a lot of young players , and we are fighting with the best teams in the championship .. no one could have expected this position .. ` the people who know me and this team know we will fight to the last second .. i do n't want to forget our position is amazing . '. true enough , but the reality is boro have a chance to turn a good season into multi-million pound jackpot .. they were woeful in falling at bournemouth last month and have now lost four of their past five away games .. jonathan woodgate slides in vain to try and block troy deeney 's opening goal. the watford captain managed to slide the ball under boro keeper dimi konstantopoulos. deeney celebrates with his team-mates after giving watford a first-half lead. but their misery has been watford 's gain .. what a luxury to have two strikers as effective as deeney and ighalo .. they were , as karanka said , ` the difference ' .. and in the context of the season , their combined 39 goals are pulling the sleigh .. here , they had help .. in the first instance , for deeney 's 37th-minute opener , jonathan woodgate and dwight tiendalli made a hash of the basics .. adlene guedioura was given too much time to cross from the right and woodgate misread the flight , allowing the ball to fall in the space behind him .. tiendalli could have covered but was out of position .. at this level , in that situation , there can be fewer worse sights for a pair of defenders than deeney .. his touch was perfect and so was the finish - ruthless brilliance from a striker who has now scored 20 goals in each of his past three campaigns .. he is the only watford player in history to do that ; he more than most deserves a chance to see what he can do at the higher level .. ` he 's a premier league player , ' said watford manager slavisa jokanovic .. ` it 's just a question of whether we are all together as a premier league team . '. watford made it 2-0 with 25 minutes to go .. again , the ease with which ighalo turned woodgate will have bothered karanka , as will grant leadbitter 's sloppy concession of the ball in the build-up .. but , really , it was all about the finish , the striker 's shot hitting the top corner from the edge of the area .. ighalo said he only joined watford for the prospect of premier league football .. he might just get it .. jokanovic said : ` i expect this victory can help us to win points a little bit more easily in the future .. but in front of us is a very serious job . '. watford goalkeeper heurelho gomes gets a boot to the face from middlesbrough forward patrick bamford. gomes points to the heavens after ighalo 's goal put watford 2-0 up and settled the game
philippe coutinho fired liverpool into the fa cup semi-finals and made it a night to remember for jordan henderson .. liverpool 's captain provided the 70th-minute assist for coutinho to break blackburn rovers ' resistance and secure a 1-0 win that sets up a wembley date against aston villa a week on sunday .. it has been a dramatic 24 hours for henderson , as his partner beccy gave birth to their second daughter , alba .. the 25-year-old had not slept the night before the game .. philippe coutinho hit the only goal of the game as liverpool advanced to the fa cup semi-finals. kolo toure ( left ) embraces new father jordan henderson on a day to remember for the liverpool captain. the brazilian playmaker put in a real all-action display for his team .. as well as scoring the winner , he had the most shots , most touches , the highest duel success , highest dribble completion , and the most tackles .. henderson said : ` philippe has a great football brain .. it 's the easy bit giving it to him .. another bit of brilliance wins the game and gives everyone a lift . '. liverpool boss brendan rodgers revealed henderson told him there was no chance he was missing the fixture once the baby had arrived .. rodgers explained : ` his wife had a second child during the night so he had to go away , had n't slept so much , travelled all the way back again and put in the performance he did tonight .. it was a real captain 's performance .. ` he said to me , " boss , as soon as the baby 's out , i 'll be coming back " . '. brendan rodgers ( right ) looks on as his side navigated their way through a tricky tie at ewood park. liverpool celebrate a much-needed victory which sets up a wembley date with aston villa on sunday week. coutinho has popped up with some important goals this season -- five of his six strikes have earned liverpool results ( four wins and a draw ) .. rodgers thought the much-publicised review meeting he held with liverpool 's players on sunday paved the way for them to get back to winning ways in the fa cup .. the reds boss had denied a report that an internal meeting following the 4-1 defeat to arsenal had descended into crisis talks and his players responded on the pitch by booking their spot in the fa cup semi-finals at wembley with a hard-fought 1-0 replay victory over blackburn .. ` there was a lot made of that , ' he said .. ` i 'm a coach who speaks openly to players .. part of the coaching philosophy for me is about reviewing and reflecting performance .. ` it 's something that we 've done all year when we were winning games .. that provides us the lever to move forward - how can we be better , how can we improve ?. ` because we lost a couple of games , there 's a lot been made of that meeting but that review was very , very important in how we want to work .. if you do n't review and analyse your performance how can you get better ? '
real madrid closed the gap on barcelona to just two points at the top of la liga , but will be praying injuries to gareth bale and luka modric do n't derail their season .. both los blancos stars were substituted as carlo ancelotti 's side struggled to overcome a spirited malaga , who had chances to snatch a draw .. cristiano ronaldo missed a penalty but provided goals for sergio ramos and james rodriguez , before adding the third himself , as madrid kept within touching distance of league leaders barcelona .. sergio ramos celebrates scoring for real madrid in the 24th-minute against malaga. real madrid captain ramos celebrates with his team-mate cristiano ronaldo. james rodriguez made it 2-0 for real madrid in the 69th-minute after ronaldo had missed a penalty. malaga then pulled one back but ronaldo look delighted after making up for his earlier miss to make it 3-1. real madrid : casillas , pepe , ramos , marcelo , arbeloa ( carvajal 76 ' ) , kroos , rodriguez , modric ( illarramendi 60 ' ) , isco , ronaldo , bale ( hernandez 5 ' ). subs not used : navas , silva , fernandez , jese. goals : ramos 24 ' rodriguez 69 ' ronaldo 90 '. malaga : kameni , angeleri , roseles , boka , sanchez , amrabat , garcia , recio ( damian tissone 75 ' ) , castillejo ( horta 81 ' ) , darder ( duda 87 ) , juanmi. subs not used : guerra , ochoa , torres , filipenko. booked : sanchez , damian tissone. after just four minutes , bale 's game was over .. the welshman tenderly touched his calf and made a pulling motion with his hands to the bench as he left the pitch , which might imply internal muscle damage .. given that karim benzema was injured after a brutal champions league encounter with city rivals atletico madrid in midweek , bale 's injury took the famous " bbc " strikeforce just down to c. that 's the grade you 'd give it too , in 2015 , when compared to the performances of barcelona 's trio .. isco came in for benzema , with the frenchman 's injury solving a problem that was brewing at real madrid , with carlo ancelotti having to choose between the former malaga man , and james rodriguez .. the latter was chosen over the former to face atletico , leading to stories of angst on isco 's part , but the issue was resolved by benzema 's timely absence .. modric , meanwhile , was taken out by a recio challenge in the second half .. it was n't too fierce a tackle , but the croatian took a strong knock to his knee and is now a doubt for wednesday 's second leg against atletico .. malaga , having beaten barcelona at camp nou earlier this season , and drawn with champions atletico madrid last week , are no la liga whipping boys and they came to the santiago bernabeu with the belief they could win .. nordin amrabat , on loan from galatasaray , charged forward battling with pepe , escaped the real madrid defender and crossed for juanmi , but the forward could n't connect and the chance was gone .. the dutchman stung iker casillas ' fingertips with a strike from distance , the veteran stopper tipping his effort behind for a corner .. carlos idriss kameni was forced into a similar save at the other end , spectacularly flicking a header from bale 's replacement , javier hernandez , over the bar .. gareth bale went down injured after less than five minutes at the bernabeu. the welsh forward was forced to go off to be replaced in the early stages of proceedings. ramos tucks the ball in to open the scoring for real madrid at the bernabeu. the defender slides on his knees in front of the real madrid fans after netting. real madrid broke the deadlock in controversial fashion , when ronaldo fired in a free kick from the left and ramos rammed home from close range .. the defender seemed fractionally offside , but despite kameni 's cries , the goal was allowed to stand .. the cameroonian goalkeeper was called into action again shortly afterwards , making a fine save down to his right from a james volley .. with the most expensive player in the world off the pitch , the second most expensive was having fun .. ronaldo pulled off a quite ridiculous backheel-nutmeg on marcos angeleri .. in the following minute ramos had the ball in the net again , nodding home a toni kroos free-kick , but this time the officials spotted he was offside and ruled it out .. malaga flew down the other end and created a magnificent opportunity , which sergi darder blazed over the bar when he should have found the net .. juanmi 's cross was half-cleared by marcelo and darder pounced , but lacked balance and spooned his strike off-target from eight yards .. amrabat , flying down the right early in the second half , tried to find juanmi with a low cross , but it flew past the forward and casillas gathered it .. ronaldo had the perfect opportunity to put the game beyond malaga when james was taken down in the box by samu castillejo , but lacked his characteristic cool and fired the penalty against the left upright .. real madrid goalkeeper iker casillas dives to the floor to grab the ball against malaga during the la liga clash. real madrid forward ronaldo ( right ) in action against malaga 's samuel garcia at the bernabeu. real madrid manager carlo ancelotti watches on from the sidelines during his side 's clash with malaga. but real madrid did n't have long to wait for their second , with james scoring in spectacular fashion just a minute later .. he played two one-twos on the edge of the box with isco and ronaldo , before lashing the ball into kameni 's top right corner .. malaga were straight down the other end and on the scoresheet , with roberto rosales whipping the ball in from the right for juanmi to head home .. amrabat had a chance to run through after a marcelo mis-step - this was a rare poor performance for the brazilian - but kroos resorted to a blatant kick to stop him .. the german went into the book , with the foul a symbol of how madrid were struggling to prevent the andalusian side from getting forward on the break .. ronaldo saw his second-half penalty hit the post after malaga goalkeeper carlos kameni had gone the right way. real madrid forward ronaldo looks frustrated after missing a penalty during the second half. but rodriguez soon doubled real madrid 's lead just a couple of minutes after ronaldo had missed the penalty. ronaldo celebrates after securing the 3-1 victory late on after malaga had pulled one back. ronaldo 's evening was saved on a personal level at the end , with hernandez selflessly squaring the ball for the forward to tap home at the far post .. his celebration was excessive , considering madrid had essentially won the game and it was a simple finish , but that 's what happens when you have to keep up with the joneses .. or in this case , the messis .. the argentine had scored for barcelona earlier , so ronaldo would have left frustrated had he not been able to replicate messi 's effort , grabbing his 39th goal of the season in la liga , and his 50th in all competitions .. ronaldo became the first ever player to net 50 goals in five consecutive seasons , an incredible statistic , but ancelotti 's mind will now turn to wednesday night and another incredible statistic .. he has faced atletico madrid seven times so far this season and not won a single game .. will he be forced to try it without modric and bale in the eighth ?
blackburn rovers are in familiar territory facing an fa cup replay against one of the country 's best , only this time it 's liverpool and not manchester city .. last season , the championship side held eventual premier league champions city to a draw , but were then thrashed 5-0 in the return .. none-the-less , midfielder tom cairney did n't come away from the game empty handed and grabbed yaya toure 's shirt at the end , which takes pride of place framed in his living room . '. i do n't know what he did with mine , i think he needed something to clean his car with ! '. cairney jokes , hoping that there will not be a repeat when they host liverpool on wednesday in their fa cup quarter-final replay .. ` when we went to anfield in the last match we were scared of failing and scared of getting hammered .. that 's part of what makes you dig even deeper against those sides . '. raheem sterling 's contract negotiations have dominated the headlines in the past fortnight. tom cairney , who will face sterling on wednesday night , has sympathy for the young winger. blackburn manager gary bowyer and his players are also hoping the liverpool players ' studs will sink a little further into the ewood park turf , currently in a sorry state , to help their cause .. ` against brighton in our last game there you had to take three touches to control the ball , ' cairney explains .. ` personally , it 's not what i like , but if it takes philippe coutinho a few extra seconds to control the ball then i will be happy with that . '. it does not suit cairney , 24 , who is a ball-playing central midfielder with a sweet left foot .. but he is also not afraid to get stuck in , learned when he had a taste of the top flight as a teenager at hull city when phil brown threw him in as the club were heading down .. since then , after moving to blackburn , on loan first and permanently last summer , he would kill for a chance to get back there .. one might expect him , then , to be incredulous that liverpool 's raheem sterling is turning down contracts worth # 100,000-per-week but cairney feels sympathy instead . '. i know it sounds stupid more than one hundred grand a week but that 's the world we live in and that 's football , ' he says .. ` it 's up to him .. if he stays at liverpool he will be one of the top players for the next eight years .. ` he might be thinking the top dog at liverpool is on a lot more and he feels he 's doing a job just as well .. to turn down one hundred grand a week in our world is crazy but he 's in the top three 20-year-olds in the world . '. sterling shares a laugh in training ahead of liverpool 's fa cup replay with blackburn on wednesday. sterling has been linked with a move to arsenal , admitting he was ` flattered ' by their interest. part of sterling 's issue is that boss brendan rodgers sometimes plays him as a wing-back instead of up front , where the player prefers . '. i was pleased when he played wing-back against us in the first match , ' cairney adds .. ` he was out of the way a little bit . '. cairney has his own taste of superstardom , too , if only around blackburn 's brockhall training ground where he goes by the nickname of ` justin bieber . '. when he first joined the club , the other players dug up pictures that revealed his uncanny resemblance to the canadian pop star .. ` it was on my old facebook .. i had a basketball vest on and shades and a cap backwards , ' cairney says . '. i did n't have any stubble because i ca n't grow it so they thought i looked a bit like bieber .. ` he 's not bad with the ladies is he ?. and i like a few of his songs so it could have been worse . '. cairney and sterling -- and bieber , come to that - -- were not born the last time , before this season , blackburn met liverpool in an fa cup quarter-final .. that was in 1958 when ron clayton and ally macleod scored late on for blackburn to overturn bobby murdoch 's early liverpool goal .. yet cairney 's upbringing was rich in the competition due to his father ian .. ` he used to go on about the fa cup all the time when i was little , ' cairney says .. blackburn were hammered by edin dzeko ( centre ) and co in a fa cup replay last season. ` some people do n't see it as big as they used to in the olden days .. but the fa cup is one of the most famous competitions in world football .. to play in a semi-final at wembley would be a dream .. ` he 'd go on about hereford beating newcastle 2-1 in 1972 , those types of games .. i 'd say right , dad , bore me later , but he is right .. the underdog playing the favourites , anything can happen .. we 've shown that this season .. ` he ca n't believe i 'm playing in an fa cup quarter-final .. he used to play four or five rounds before the third round and think it was good .. ` if you spoke to him you 'd think he was maradona .. to be fair , he has a good touch .. he played for non-league around nottingham .. ` he sometimes tells me things and i 'm like dad , shut up , you were playing against drunken keepers on sunday mornings . '. a wembley day out against aston villa welcomes the winner .. if cairney and co make it , his father will have another fa cup upset to go on about .
professor ninian peckitt , 63 , has been struck off after a hearing heard that he punched a patient in the face ten times to fix a broken cheekbone. a groundbreaking facial surgeon has been struck off after repeatedly punching a patient in the face ` like a boxer ' to fix his broken cheekbone .. professor ninian peckitt , 63 , claimed he was attempting to reduce the fracture when he hit the patient up to ten times while a colleague held his head , a medical hearing heard .. the patient , known as patient a , had come to ipswich hospital in february 2012 after an industrial accident and been operated on by prof peckitt , who is a world-renowned facial surgeon .. but he required a second procedure after falling off the bed in hospital which displaced his cheekbone .. that 's when prof peckitt struck the patient while he was under anesthetic .. prof peckitt , an honorary locum consultant in oral and maxillo-facial surgery at ipswich hospital , claimed he ` digitally manipulated ' the patient 's face and denied any wrongdoing .. but he was ` erased ' from the medical register after the medical practitioners tribunal service ( mpts ) panel found that his fitness to practice was impaired .. the hearing heard that patient a could have been blinded by the force of the punches from professor peckitt .. chair dr ian spafford said ` under no circumstances ' would it be appropriate to apply enough force to potentially damage to the optic nerve .. erica rapaport , a dental surgeon with more than 30 years experience , said she was told to hold the patient 's head before the first punch .. she said she was left in ` total shock ' and there were gasps from colleagues in the operating theatre as she gave a harrowing account of the procedure .. ` he made his hand into a fist and he hit the patient in the face on the left side of his cheek .. ` his hand was about six inches away .. i think the first time he punched the patient i was n't holding him and it was then that i was instructed to do so by prof peckitt .. ` he said that when the patient fell out of bed , the cheekbone which was already fractured was moved outwards so he was trying to re-position it without having to make further cuts to the face .. ` he said this at least after the first punch .. ` he applied about ten punches like a boxer .. he took aim and then punched .. ` the first punch was unexpected and then he explained what he was doing .. he spoke as he punched again and again . '. after graduating in medicine from the university of sheffield in 1979 , mr peckitt completed further training with the royal college of surgeons of england and became a fellow of the australasian college of cosmetic surgery in 2009 .. he has lectured on titanium implants and been published in medical journals so miss rapaport said she came into the hospital on her day off to take part in surgery and learn about his renowned techniques .. christopher hamlet , representing the general medical council , previously told the hearing that the case was n't based on the outcome of the procedure but the method .. professor peckitt did n't seek advice from colleagues and quit his post days later .. he was also alleged to have failed to check the medical records of a second patient , patient b , which led to him attempting an unnecessary procedure on her , and to have treated another , patient c , for a complex facial deformity without seeking the advice of another surgeon .. at the tribunal in manchester , miss rapaport was asked to clarify the analogy by panel member dr shazad amin who suggested it implied prof pickett took a ` larger swing ' .. asked if the punch was more ` of a jab ' , she added : ' i meant he was looking to take aim .. professor ninian peckitt had been an honorary locum consultant at ipswich hospital when he punched a patient to correct a broken cheekbone .. he later wrote the patient 's face had been ` digitally manipulated '. ` when i said it was like a boxer i meant he was carefully aiming where he wanted to hit .. ` then he pulled his hand back to get the maximum hit as he touched the patient 's face . '. i can remember a feeling of total shock the first time he hit the patient because i was n't expecting it and i think anyone who saw what happened was reacting in a similar way and then he asked me to assist by holding the patient 's head . '. [ the punches ] were his fist aimed at the side of the patient 's face .. ` he was looking himself and inspecting it and asked if anybody thought the fracture had moved . '. i understand generally it is nice not to have to make an incision but i do not understand the uncontrolled nature of hitting someone . '. i did n't challenge him at the time .. i was too shocked . '. miss rapaport added that following the operation , prof peckitt told her to write that the cheek had been adjusted by ` external pressure ' in her operating notes .. she said : ` prof peckitt asked me to write up the note and i felt very challenged by what he had just done .. i asked him if he would write it and he said he would dictate the exact words for me to write down .. ` he said " the left malar was adjusted by external pressure " .. they were precisely his words . '. i particularly [ did n't want to ] write the note because accurately i would have had to write " prof peckitt punched the patient to try and move the left zygoma " and that 's not something i would have wanted to do . '. i did n't challenge him .. partly because he is a consultant and partly because i was so shocked that i did n't have the strength to argue . '. i did n't see any damage , i just thought it was a very unusual technique . '. i was holding his head very still .. it must have moved a little [ when he punched ] but not much .. ` prof peckitt is much stronger than i am so i could only give as much support as i could so it might have moved a little .. ` if i asked you to hold something still then i punched it , you do n't know how hard someone is going to punch so you do n't know how much resistance to apply . '. prof peckitt has pioneered ` engineering-assisted ' surgery techniques and written extensively on the subject , as well as cosmetic surgery .. he is now believed to be working as a consultant surgeon in dubai and elected not to attend the hearing but issued an email in which he 'em phatically denied ' the allegations .. he claimed he was being ` victimised ' but the panel ignored these claims and the professor was struck off .. panel chair ian spafford said : ` the panel has determined that mr peckitt 's misconduct is fundamentally incompatible with his continuing to practise medicine .. ` therefore , it has determined that , in the particular circumstances of this case , it would not be sufficient nor proportionate to suspend his registration .. ` the panel is of the view that the public interest requires that it be made clear that mr peckitt 's behaviour is unacceptable in a member of the medical profession .. ` the panel has determined to direct that mr peckitt 's name be erased from the medical register .. ` in the light of all the evidence presented to it , it is satisfied that erasure is a proportionate sanction in his case . '
american model kendra spears , who has been known as princess salwa since her marriage to the aga khan 's son prince rahim , has given birth to her first child .. the baby , a boy named prince irfan , was born in the swiss city of geneva last saturday and both mother and child are doing well .. news of the birth , which was announced yesterday , has been greeted with joy by the followers of the aga khan , who , in a statement , spoke of his family 's ` great happiness ' .. glamorous : princess salwa aga khan , pictured during a photo shoot last year , has given birth to a son. ms spears , a seattle-born supermodel who has starred in campaigns for diane von furstenburg and chanel among others , married prince rahim aga khan in 2013 following a four month engagement .. the model , 26 , had been considered ` the next cindy crawford ' by her agency ford models , but has put her career on the back-burner since becoming wife to the 44-year-old royal .. she follows in the footsteps of a string of american royal wives , among them actress rita hayworth who was married to sir sultan muhammed shah aga khan .. prince rahim 's younger brother hussein , 41 , also married an american , although his marriage to new yorker kristin white , 38 , ended shortly after his brother 's wedding in 2013 .. the jordanian royals have also made a habit of wedding americans , most famously lisa najeeb halaby who became known as queen noor following her marriage .. happy couple : the royal is said to be doing well , according to her husband , prince rahim aga khan. striking : princess salwa pictured left on her wedding day and right during her catwalk modelling career. britons have also married into the jordanian royal dynasty , most notably antoinette avril gardiner , the mother of current ruler abdullah ,. unlike the jordanians , the aga khan dynasty do not have a country and instead lead the imami ismā ' īlī tariqah , a shi'a muslim sect. like the king abdullah of jordan , the aga khan , a title bestowed upon the family by persian ( now iran ) ruler fath-ali shah qajar in 1818 , claims to be a direct descendant of the prophet mohammed .. prince rahim 's father prince shah karim al hussaini is the current aga khan and took the title aged 20 following the death of his grandfather , sir sultan muhammed shah , aga khan iii .. a british business magnate and a racehorse enthusiast , he is responsible for adding to the family fortune , which is thought to amount to more than $ 800m .. not all of the money was acquired through commerce , however .. part of it comes from a tithe paid by ismaili muslims called a ` dasond ' - the equivalent of 12.5 percent of each person 's gross annual income .. royal wives : rita hayworth also married into the aga khan dynasty while queen noor is a jordanian royal. british connection : king abdullah ii of jordan , pictured with prince charles , has a british mother
when tv star karren brady agreed to help david cameron announce 16,000 new apprenticeships today she might have been hoping to steal a little of the limelight from the prime minister .. however , the businesswoman and apprentice judge was instead relegated to coat duty , helping mr cameron with his jacket as he stood to speak , before sitting politely with it on the sidelines .. baroness brady , who is also the government 's small business ambassador , was appearing alongside mr cameronat a national grid training centre in newark , nottinghamshire , to announce the creation of more trainee jobs for young people .. helping hand : baroness brady steps forward to help david cameron with his jacket at an event today to promote new apprenticeships. sidelined : tv star ms brady might have been hoping for a slightly more galmorous role when she agreed to the appearance with mr cameron , but instead sat politely holding his jacket. campaign trail : she attended the speech along with mr cameron to announce the creation of 16,000 new apprenticeships at costa , morrisons , and the national grid. mr cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years , if the tories win the election .. costa coffee and supermarket chain morrisons have signed agreements to train thousands of apprentices each .. ministers will visited firms across the country to welcome fresh commitments from companies including morrisons , who will train 9,000 apprentices ; crest nicholson , who will take on 200 and announce a new training academy ; and the national grid , who will take on 500 new apprentices .. ahead of their campaign visit today , baroness brady said : ` david cameron 's commitment to delivering more apprenticeships is a fantastic boost for the long-term prospects of our young people . '. she added : ` with 2.2 million starting since 2010 and another 3million more to start over the next five years , each apprenticeship is a chance for young people to master a trade , learn on the job and take home money in your pocket each week .. ` they 've become more rigorous and respected too : we 've got young people building engines for jet planes , working on massive engineering projects , innovating in science labs . '. the star of the bbc show the apprentice said : ` i remember that feeling of being 18 , 19 , 20 years old , hungry to get on and desperate for someone to give me an opportunity so i could prove myself .. as soon as someone gives you a chance and believes in you -- it 's a moment that can transform your life .. ` i 've met many apprentices ( apart from the lord sugar hopefuls ) and you can see the pride written across their faces . '. tv star karren brady , pictured in newark today , announced a series of deals with big businesses to create 16,000 new apprenticeships. david cameron - on the campaign trail in newark today - said the announcement shows the conservatives continuing commitment to apprenticeships , which he wants to be ` level pegging ' with university degress. mr cameron added : ` there really has never been a better time to start an apprenticeship and it 's a huge leap forward to have even more of britain 's most prestigious employers hiring apprentices .. ` we want apprenticeships to be level-pegging with a university degree , giving millions more people the dignity of work and a regular pay packet .. ` we 've already created 2.2 million apprenticeships since 2010 , but a future conservative government is committed to opening up 3million more high quality apprenticeships -- to help strengthen our economy and communities and give millions more people financial security . '. mr cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years , if the tories win the election. mr cameron and the education secretary nicky morgan watched a bell being cast during a visit to john taylor bell foundry in loughborough
a miami university of ohio student killed by her boyfriend in february was shot in her own bed in a locked bedroom as she slept fully clothed , according to a grisly coroner 's report revealed tuesday .. rebecca eldemire , 21 , was shot repeatedly in the face with a .357 magnum by her boyfriend , 27-year-old larry tipton .. after shooting eldemire twice , tipton laid down face up beside her and fatally shot himself .. ` on a desk within ( eldemire 's bedroom ) is a two-page ( suicide ) note written by him , ' reads the report obtained by the cincinnati enquirer .. killed : larry tipton , left , fatally shot his ex-girlfriend , 21-year-old rebecca eldemire , right , before taking his own life in her off-campus apartment in oxford , ohio on sunday morning. when rebecca eldemire called 911 the night before her murder for help getting away from her boyfriend , one painful excerpt reveals how naive the 21-year-old was to what her older boyfriend was capable of .. eldemire : i 'm having a bit of an issue with my boyfriend ... he 's coming in from out of town and wants to talk to me .. he obviously knows where i live and i 'm just a little nervous about the situation .. i broke up with him today. 911 operator : ok , do you know , does he have any weapons or anything ?. eldemire : he does own guns , yes , but i do n't think he would bring any with him .. police officers left after eldemire told them she was okay to handle larry tipton on her own .. he murdered her the next morning before turning the gun on himself .. eldemire was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol , according to the report .. she was shot at ` intermediate ' range , the report says -- meaning close enough to cause powder burns but not point blank .. investigators noted that they found no signs of struggle , the enquirer reports .. tipton left a suicide note .. another note was found at his columbus home .. according to their facebook pages , the couple had been dating for a few years and were pictured smiling together as recently as last month .. the day before she was murdered , eldemire contacted oxford police to say that she wanted protection from her ex-boyfriend , sergeant jon varley of oxford police said at a press conference on monday .. officers arrived and stopped tipton in the parking lot of the apartment where eldemire lived and on her request , they took him up to the home , varley said .. ` after a brief conversation , eldemire told officers they could leave as they were no longer needed , ' he added , and the officers left .. but at 8.45 am on sunday , her roommates called police , who arrived and found the bodies and one gun inside the room , they said .. tipton , who was from columbus , was not a student at the university .. eldemire , a double major of geography and geographical information systems , had one parent living in maineville and another in columbus , as well as a brother .. together : eldemire , who started dating lipton in 2012 , had called police to her apartment the day before her murder to protect her when he arrived .. but after speaking with him , she sent the officers away , police said. she worked as a student supervisor at the library , and had spent a previous summer teaching students english in a remote village in tanzania , the college said .. eldemire 's uncle , stephen wright , released a statement on behalf of her family .. ` we are deeply saddened by the loss of our beautiful daughter rebecca , ' it read .. ` we appreciate all of the thoughts and prayers , but ask that you respect the family 's privacy at this time .. ` the rebecca c. eldemire beeps ( betterment for environmental and earth protection ) foundation will be created in her honor , striving toward rebecca 's lifelong goal of creating a more sustainable planet . '. tipton 's parents , who are often pictured with eldemire on their facebook pages , also released a statement following the deaths , wcpo reported .. ` as you can imagine , this horrible tragedy has left our family in shock and absolutely heartbroken , ' larry and marybeth tipton said in a statement .. ` to lose our son , and also becca , whom we loved like a member of our family , is unthinkable .. scene : the next morning , her roommates heard loud bangs inside her bedroom and called police. probe : eldemire was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol , according to the report .. she was shot at ` intermediate ' range , the report says -- meaning close enough to cause powder burns but not point blank. ` we ask that our privacy be respected as we cope with this as a family and appreciate the prayers and understanding of our friends and community . '. eldemire 's death is the first homicide of a miami university student in three decades , the enquirer reported .. ` this is a terrible tragedy , ' said miami president david hodge .. ` our hearts go out to the families and friends .. it is an incredibly painful and sad time for miami . '. her family has set up a foundation in her memory called the rebecca c. eldemire beeps foundation - betterment for environmental and earth protection .
everton manager roberto martinez sees a fearlessness in relegation-threatened burnley similar to that displayed by his wigan team in surviving against the odds in the premier league .. the clarets head to goodison park having beaten manchester city , drawn against tottenham and being narrowly defeated by arsenal in the last month .. they remain two points from safety but martinez believes the fact they have been scrapping to get out of the bottom three all season - much like his wigan side in the four seasons he spent with them before joining the toffees - gives them an advantage over teams who have been dragged into the race for survival .. roberto martinez ( left ) says burnley 's player remind him of his old wigan side when they avoided the drop. ` you always see similarities , ' said the spaniard when asked for comparisons with his experience of the latics ' relegation battles . '. i do n't think there is any fear of relegation and that is the biggest difference burnley have over other teams who are not in the relegation zone who are starting to think they have something to lose .. ` burnley have shown to every team they play on the front foot .. ` physically they do not show they have been involved for nine months in this competition ; it is the opposite as they are getting used to the demands of the premier league and they look a strong team physically .. the spaniard masterminded wigan 's escape from relegation which seemed an almost impossible task. ` when you are in a situation as clear as the one they have now with the points they have , they are only one step away from getting away from the bottom three and that is an incredible incentive . '. martinez was criticised for not changing his approach during everton 's difficult run a couple of months ago but he stuck to his principles and he believes sean dyche 's clear plan will help burnley survive .. ` sean has been an incredible leader and has set very good direction for his team , ' he added .. ` when you get into a new league you sometimes do n't get positive results after having a successful season in the championship and you can start having doubts and wanting to change week after week .. sean dyche has installed a fearlessness into his squad and martinez praised his weekend opponent. ` your own approach becomes your biggest problem but burnley have been an incredible source of clarity , knowing what they are and how they want to achieve success and they are enjoying the best period of their season in terms of being consistent with their performances .. ` you can expect them to pick up enough points to achieve their aim . '. while burnley are fighting for their lives everton have nothing left to play for , 12th in the table on 38 points with no chance of qualifying for europe again .. but martinez insists there will be no easing up as they look to build on seven points from their last three matches .. ` maybe from the outside they do n't see it as an important ending to the season but i can guarantee from our point of view the next six games are very important , ' he said .. john stones ( right ) has turned into a crucial player for everton this season and earned himself an england cap. ` we need to take advantage of the good moment of form we are in now . '. key to their recent upturn has been the elimination of defensive mistakes and martinez said that was a result of hard work on the training ground .. ` the mentality has changed .. i think we have become more focused as a team .. sometimes it is unfair just to speak about defenders when you talk about defensive qualities of a side , ' he said . '. ( goalkeeper ) tim howard is enjoying a good moment of form and that breeds confidence and ( john ) stones and ( phil ) jagielka have become really strong with their understanding and how they are setting a clear platform for the team .. ` what is important is it is something we highlighted , it was something we were not happy with and we corrected it over the weeks and that has been reflected in the scorelines . '. phil jagielka ( right ) is forming a blossoming partnership with stones at the heart of the toffees defence
across the globe , more than 42 million children under the age of five are overweight or obese .. and the rising tide of obesity extends into adulthood with 1.9 billion adults worldwide overweight , 600 million of which are classified as obese .. but with experts desperately trying to find the answer , a poignant debate rages .. should fast food and sugary drink companies be allowed to advertise their junk food to children ?. should tv ads promoting unhealthy food and drink be banned until the watershed , or wiped out altogether to save adults ' waistlines too ?. a recent survey by the british heart foundation showed two fifths of parents are badgered by their children each week to buy food after seeing it advertised on tv , prompting the charity to deliver a 30,000 strong petition asking the government to ban junk food adverts being shown before the 9pm watershed. a recent british heart foundation survey quizzed more than 2,000 parents with children under the age of 16 .. it showed two fifths of them are badgered by their children each week to buy food after seeing it advertised on tv , and feel that tv junk food adverts make it difficult to help their children eat a healthy diet .. if you are a parent like me , you are probably nodding knowingly about now .. there is plenty of scientific evidence to back up our frustrations too -- showing that food commercials aimed at children focus on products high in fat , salt and sugar , and that youngsters develop positive attitudes towards the foods they see advertised .. despite regulation , children in the uk are still being exposed to more tv advertising for unhealthy than healthy food items , even at peak children 's viewing times .. what 's more , regulation does n't prevent the advertising of unhealthy products during programmes in the ` family entertainment ' bracket , which include some of the most popular television programmes watched by children such as x-factor and britain 's got talent .. seven in ten parents said they would like stricter regulation on the food industry 's use of advertising .. the bhf has therefore just delivered a 30,000 strong petition , asking government to ban junk food adverts from being shown before the 9pm watershed , to help protect our children from making unhealthy choices .. do you think the big food and drink manufacturers are unduly worried about this ?. not when they can use one of our national icons to act as a giant advertising hoarding instead .. dr sally norton criticised coca-cola 's sponsorship of the london eye , noting it gives the company the chance to advertise to almost four million visitors a year. as someone at the forefront of managing obesity , i am furious that we are allowing blatant advertising to influence our children in other ways .. take coca-cola 's sponsorship of the london eye .. with london eye staff apparently wearing coca-cola branded uniforms to match the promotional material displayed around this family attraction , the company gets the chance to advertise to 3.75 million direct visitors a year .. what 's more , we will do plenty of advertising for them as we promote the ` coca-cola ' london eye , our top paid-for tourist attraction , around the world .. as coca-cola knows all too well , linking its product to happy and exciting events such as visiting the london eye is likely to forever link coca-cola to the idea of ` fun ' in the minds of young , impressionable kids ( and adults ) .. dr norton backs the british heart foundation 's bid to ban tv junk food ads before 9pm. merlin entertainments , who own the london eye , said customers were able to make their own minds up about what to include in their diets .. true -- but the stark truth is that we are n't making the best choices , with two thirds of us overweight , a quarter of us obese and the nhs spending # 6 billion pounds a year on obesity .. that same ` failure of personal responsibility ' meant the government recognised that we needed extra help to tackle smoking -- and widespread advertising bans and preventing smoking inside public buildings was implemented .. in just the same way , we ca n't tackle obesity alone and need help -- not giant coca-cola branded wheels reminding us of the sugar-laden temptations it promotes .. reducing tv advertising to children as the british heart foundation are suggesting , will , of course reduce the number of junk food advertisements children see .. but , as the london eye disgrace shows , junk food advertising is n't limited to tv .. there are plenty of ways by which companies can market to kids or adults outside of tv advertising and the regulations for non-broadcast advertising are currently weak or non-existent .. our children seem to spend an increasing amount of time online , actively engaging in social media , and the junk food and drink manufacturers are busy providing games , social networking apps and other tools to promote their brands in cyberspace where the adults often fear to tread .. a study by the children 's food campaign , of 100 websites featuring food likely to be bought or requested by children , found that more than 80 per cent of online adverts were associated with foods classed as less healthy and therefore not allowed to be advertised during children 's tv programmes .. yet more than 75 per cent featured child-friendly characters , competitions , downloads and links to social media apps that directly engaged with kids .. this is because the internet regulations do n't prevent our kids being targeted and manipulated in this way .. this 21st century method of targeting our teens is a sneaky way of tapping into a ` screen-obsessed ' generation .. she says : ` as coca-cola knows all too well , linking its product to happy and exciting events such as visiting the london eye is likely to forever link coca-cola to the idea of ` fun ' in the minds of impressionable kids '. sponsorship , whether of tourist attractions or sporting events like the olympics , is another great way of ensuring that products trigger positive connections -- harnessing the feel-good factor , which can last well into the future .. interestingly , research has also shown that companies seen to be involved in ` charitable ' activities or corporate social responsibility can lead consumers to infer that their products are healthier and even lower in calories , leading them to consume more .. their good deeds create a ` health halo ' effect , just in the same way labelling and packaging can persuade consumers that they are buying a healthy , ` natural ' products for themselves or their children .. sneaky junk food advertising is invading all aspects of life -- how can we resist ?. so , it 's a big ` yes please ' to banning junk food advertising before 9pm .. but do n't think for a minute that this will deter manufacturers of the high sugar , high fat , processed food that provides little , if any , nutritional benefit for our kids .. plenty of other advertising opportunities are open and they are busy working on how to manipulate us and our kids into buying more and more of the heavily processed rubbish that is damaging our health .
beatrice tollman , founder of a luxury hotel chain , made her most recent donation of # 20,000 to the tories earlier this month to boost the party 's general election campaign coffers. the conservatives yesterday returned a donation of # 50,000 from a wealthy hotelier who the american authorities once wanted to extradite to face tax fraud charges .. beatrice tollman , founder of a luxury hotel chain , made her most recent donation of # 20,000 to the tories earlier this month to boost the party 's general election campaign coffers .. but last night it emerged that she has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax before the charges were dismissed by a judge .. however on the same day in 2008 her husband stanley tollman pleaded guilty to tax evasion .. mr tollman repaid more than 100 million us dollars to america after the couple spent five years fighting off attempts to extradite mrs tollman from the uk over claims the south african couple had millions stashed in the channel islands .. the tollman 's son , brett , pleaded guilty to tax evasion in 2003 and was sentenced to more than two years in prison , as well as a $ 3.5 million penalty .. the revelation by the independent newspaper will prove embarrassing for david cameron , who recently admitted he got angry over aggressive tax avoidance and people who did not pay what they owe .. last week his party 's manifesto pledged to raise # 5 billion from clamping down on tax avoidance during the next parliament .. a conservative spokesman said : ` we were not aware of this issue but in light of these findings we will be returning donations from the tollmans .. donations from the tollmans were fully declared and in strict accordance with electoral law . '. since 2011 , mrs tollman has donated more than # 50,000 to the conservatives .. she and her husband were close friends of margaret thatcher and were guests of the reagans at the white house .. in his memoirs , her husband said he only pleaded guilty to get the us authorities to leave his family in peace .. the revelation will prove embarrassing for david cameron , who recently admitted he got angry over aggressive tax avoidance and people who did not pay what they owe. he wrote : ` it was galling to listen to these vast sums of money being referred to as though they were merely numbers and to the fact that i had agreed to hand all this money to the us government .. ` but the future peace and security of the family which this agreement would secure meant that i could see advantage in what i was about to do .. but that did not make it right . '. a spokesman for mr and mrs tollman told the independent : ` in so far as mrs tollman is concerned you will see she is of good character and was acquitted of all charges . '. responding to mr tollman 's guilty plea , a spokesman said : ` stanley tollman admitted to having failed to report on his us tax return two bank accounts situated outside the us .. it was that omission for which he was sentenced to one day 's unsupervised probation .. ` the reality is that the financial settlement was the only means through which his family were going to be able to get on and lead their lives without being coerced by the americans . '
edinson cavani 's slumbering champions league performance against barcelona may well have put to bed any chance of him making a switch to manchester united .. the chances of the uruguayan filling what would appear to be a looming striker void at old trafford have always been slim .. for a start , at 28 he would appear to be too old for louis van gaal , who prefers to work with young talent he can mould into his type of player .. edinson cavani falls flat on his face during a limp display for psg against barcelona on tuesday night. manchester united have been linked with cavani but the striker has n't impressed this season. radamel falcao has struggled at manchester united after signing on loan from ligue 1 side monaco. and the painful , expensive experience of radamel falcao 's nightmare loan spell will have made the club 's dutch manager wary of seemingly-fading south americans .. but united , who have cash to burn and gaps to fill , will have kept a close eye on tuesday night 's events at the nou camp to see if cavani still had what it takes .. on the evidence of a sterile 90 minutes in an inevitable 2-0 defeat he does not .. there is mitigation -- barcelona look unstoppable and few in europe can live with luis enrque 's resurgent treble hunters .. questions over cavani 's domestic form , however , still linger .. france 's ligue 1 is not the premier league or la liga and after making the # 55m move from napoli , where he was almost unplayable , cavani has not been the prolific force officials at parc des princes hoped for .. this season he has played 32 times in domestic competitions and has scored 11 goals , although six more have come in the champions league .. louis van gaal prefers to work with younger players and may have been put off cavani by falcao 's spell. the uruguayan has n't scored as many goals as he should have done in the french league. psg will now concentrate on winning a two-horse race with lyon at the top of the table ( they are currently level on points with a game in hand ) and will look to cavani along with zlatan ibrahimovic to fire them over the line first .. following the 3-1 first leg defeat by barcelona on home soil the man himself maintained he wants to see out the remainder of his contract in france .. ` there is too much talk about my future but i will remain here , ' he told sky italia . '. i will respect my contract and i 'm only focusing on doing well for psg . '. he may have few options to do anything else .. cavani argues with the referee during psg 's 2-0 ( 5-1 agg ) defeat in the champions league quarter-finals
egypt 's former president mohammed morsi has been sentenced to 20 years for ordering the arrest and torture of protesters in 2012 .. but a court in the country 's capital cairo acquitted the 63-year-old leader of charges that would have seen him face the death penalty .. fourteen others were convicted on the same charges , with most also sentenced to 20 years in jail .. jailed : egypt 's former president mohamed morsi ( pictured at an court appearance in december ) has been sentenced to 20 years for ordering the arrest and torture of protesters in 2012. but the court cleared the defendants on charges of inciting murder over the deaths of a journalist and two protesters during the december 5 , 2012 clashes outside the presidential palace in cairo .. defence lawyers said they would launch an appeal against the convictions .. morsi , egypt 's first freely elected leader , came to power following the 2011 ouster of hosni mubarak in a popular uprising .. but after just a year in power , morsi was himself toppled by then-army chief and now president abdel fattah al-sisi following mass street protests .. morsi 's muslim brotherhood has been blacklisted and targeted in a government crackdown that has seen hundreds killed and thousands thrown in jail .. other brotherhood leaders have been sentenced to death and tuesday 's decision to acquit morsi on the incitement to murder charge was unexpected .. ` this is a surprise ... we were expecting them to be convicted of murder , ' ramy ghanem , a lawyer for an anti-morsi protester who was wounded in the clashes , told afp .. buses were set ablaze during 2012 clashes between opponents and supporters of the muslim brotherhood in the mediterranean coastal city of alexandria. ` but the sentences are not bad .. we were expecting life in prison , but then 20 years is not very different , ' he said .. a life sentence in egypt is 25 years .. hundreds of morsi supporters have been sentenced to death in speedy mass trials which the united nations has called ` unprecedented in recent history ' .. earlier this month , a cairo court confirmed death sentences for muslim brotherhood leader mohamed badie and 13 others over protest violence .. the brotherhood had called for protests in support of morsi on tuesday .. ` the coup commander is exploiting the judiciary , ' it said in a statement ahead of the verdict , referring to sisi .. it said the president was using the courts ` as a weapon in the battle against the popular will and the democratic and revolutionary legitimacy represented by president mohamed morsi . '. morsi is facing two other trials in which he could face the death penalty , including one that sees him accused of spying for foreign powers .. verdicts in those two cases are due on may 16 .. sisi has vowed to ` eradicate ' the brotherhood , an 85-year-old movement that topped successive polls between mubarak 's fall and morsi 's presidential election victory in may 2012 .. supporters and opponents of the muslim brotherhood clashed during 2012 street battles in the mediterranean coastal city of alexandria. the authorities designated it a ` terrorist group ' in december 2013 , making even verbal expressions of support punishable by stiff jail terms .. the crackdown sparked a fierce backlash including from jihadist groups , who have claimed a string of deadly attacks on security forces .. officials say more than 500 police and soldiers have been killed in attacks since morsi was overthrown .. sisi was elected president in may last year , but he faced no serious challengers and - in a country where the army has been in power for decades - his victory dashed hopes raised by mubarak 's ouster of a civilian democracy .. sisi 's regime is popular among many egyptians tired of political turmoil and seeking stability and economic growth .. but sisi has been accused of repression and his crackdown has also targeted secular and liberal activists who spearheaded the 2011 uprising against mubarak .. in november , a court dropped murder charges against mubarak in his own trial over the deaths of hundreds of protesters in 2011 .
unbeaten floyd mayweather faces more pressure than manny pacquiao when the pair meet in las vegas on may 2 but he will still be victorious , says joe calzaghe .. it is being billed as the fight of the century , and is worth at least $ 180million and $ 120m to mayweather and pacquiao respectively , but former undefeated world super-middleweight and light-heavyweight boxing champion calzaghe is confident he can predict the outcome .. ` there will be a lot more pressure on mayweather than there will be on pacquiao , ' he told bbc sport .. ` pacquiao has been beaten so he 'll be more relaxed than mayweather .. the " zero " is a massive burden .. floyd mayweather works out with his uncle roger at the mayweather boxing club ahead of the fight. mayweather holds an impressive undefeated professional boxing record going into the fight on may 2. mayweather faces manny pacquiao in a bout in las vegas that has been billed ` the fight of the century ' '. i do n't think mayweather was that impressive in his last two defences against marcos maidana .. he made hard work of those fights .. but you ca n't overlook a guy that 's never lost .. mayweather is a fantastic fighter who always finds a way to win so he will be ready for this fight . '. mayweather has an impressive record , winning all of his previous 47 professional career fights , 26 by knockout .. his opponent pacquiao goes into the bout having lost five times in his career , with 57 wins and two draws overall , but welshman calzaghe warns mayweather can not underestimate his challenger .. the welshman , who is now 43 , retired with an undefeated record of 46 wins and zero defeats .. ` pacquiao can fight and there 's always one great fight left in somebody , ' calzaghe added .. ` but i think the win will go to mayweather . '. tickets for the much-anticipated fight finally go on sale on thursday night after months of speculation , and are expected to fetch between $ 1,500 ( # 1,000 ) and $ 7,500 ( # 5,000 ) apiece .. calzaghe takes part in a training session alongside his coach and friend freddie roach in los angeles. pacquaio is watched by a crowd as he trains in los angeles , but joe calzaghe has backed his opponent. calzaghe , who himself retired undefeated , believes mayweather will overcome the challenge of pacquiao
no wonder james freedman 's super-nimble hands are insured for a huge sum -- for the fingers he uses to steal wallets are the tools of his trade .. ` you can pinch anything off anyone -- apart from their shoes ! '. now he 's exhibiting his ` skills ' on stage in a one-man pickpocket show , called man of steal , in which he even takes off someone 's tie without them realising .. the watch : james freedman removes harry mount 's timepiece without him noticing in his pickpocketing lesson. for years he 's been giving pickpocket demonstrations to teach people how not to become victims of street crime .. he has also advised the metropolitan police and taught the ` art ' to actors -- showing the boy who played the artful dodger in roman polanski 's film oliver twist how to pick a pocket or two .. freedman , 49 , describes himself as ` the only honest pickpocket you will ever meet ' .. so i ask him to show me how those crooks we all fear go about their surreptitious trade .. first , he says , they ` fan the mark ' .. the ` mark ' is the victim .. so ` fanning ' is using your hand with the fingers spread out to feel for valuables , usually using the back of the hand .. ` it 's a light , fluttering motion and , if executed correctly , the victim is n't aware of it , ' says freedman .. next -- and this is vitally important -- distract your victim : pat them on the shoulder with one hand as you ask the time and use your other hand to lift their wallet .. or just look into their eyes , so their peripheral vision does n't see your hand darting into their pocket .. the wallet : harry is now without his cash and cred cards thanks to freedman 's nimble fingers. the phone : daylight robbery and mount does n't even feel a thing. or -- a much more simple ruse -- ` accidentally ' bump into them .. ` a classic trick is to pretend you are helping them .. for example , carry a sachet of mayonnaise or ketchup , put a pin in it and squirt it at someone from a distance .. go up to them and start cleaning up their jacket .. while you 're doing it , pick their pocket . '. to describe his activities , freedman uses old-fashioned pickpocket patter , much of which dates back to 18th-century thieves .. ` poke ' is slang for a wallet .. ` skinning the poke ' means stealing one , taking out the money and throwing away the empty wallet .. the easiest target is one who has their wallet ( or phone ) in the most vulnerable place : the back trouser pocket .. freedman uses two fingers in a pincer-like movement to steal it .. his favourite ploy is to strike as the victim walks away from him -- because they are less likely to feel a hand in their pocket while they are moving .. shady business : freedman shows how a folded newspaper can be used to steal a pair of sunglasses. freedman shows how to remove a pair of expensive sunglasses hanging from a jacket breast pocket by flicking them out and catching them with a folded newspaper .. when he does it to me , i do n't feel a thing .. crucially , he ensures he does n't ` tip the bit ' -- that is , draw attention to the pickpocketing action .. he thought he 'd tipped the bit when he stole the pen from my pocket and it made a clicking noise .. needless to say , i did n't notice .. not surprisingly , the most difficult target is a watch .. i challenge him to remove mine without me noticing .. it is tightly held on my wrist with a leather strap .. it is n't just buckled , but it also goes through a tight retaining loop .. fixing my gaze , freedman puts his hand lightly on top of my watch , unbuckles it and whisks it away .. i do n't feel anything in the entire operation and do n't look down because our eyes are firmly locked .. more oddly , i do n't notice the watch 's absence once removed .. ` people have a muscle memory , ' says freedman .. ` they do n't notice if something 's gone , however heavy it is , whether it 's a handkerchief -- or your notebook . '. with that , he hands me back my hefty notebook , which i thought had been securely tucked inside my breast pocket .. somehow , he 'd removed it .. for all his skill as a pickpocket , freedman says he has never used it for anything other for entertainment .. ` i never steal . '. however , he admits one exception : he once saw a woman being pickpocketed outside harrods , decided to pickpocket the pickpocket and gave the purse back to the victim .. proudly , freedman says the smartly dressed thief -- who realised too late what had happened -- went up to him afterwards and said : ` nice work . '. freedman first became interested in pickpocketing as a child when he was mugged .. ` they took my pocket money and beat me up , ' he says .. not long after , he saw a theatrical pickpocket on tv -- and then saw his father being pickpocketed on a trip to paris .. he now uses his skills to expose quite how vulnerable we all are to the growing number of pickpockets on our streets .. apparently , prague and barcelona are the most dangerous places for pickpockets in europe ; london is listed tenth .. as we walk down london 's oxford street , he points out some easy prey : a woman sitting on a bench with an open bag next to her and a man with an unzipped pocket , a phone clearly visible inside it .. daylight robbery : the pickpocket specialist offers harry directions while slipping a hand inside his pocket. distraction : as harry looks into the distance , his mobile phone has been stolen and is about to disappear into freedman 's pocket. he can identify the model of a phone by the shape of the bulge in your pocket .. ` samsung ... iphone ... iphone , ' he says as we pass people whose phones , inside their pockets , are invisible to me .. once , pickpockets concentrated on loose change and handkerchiefs , but now mobile phones account for half of pickpocketing crimes .. freedman says : ` if i stopped everyone and told them how vulnerable they are , i 'd never have any time left to do anything else . '. mobile phones are the perfect item for pickpockets -- ` it 's called apple or blackberry picking ' -- but the information about the owner contained on the sim card is more useful to the thief than the phone 's intrinsic value because it contains a wealth of personal information and possibly even bank details .. these days , with clever software , criminals do n't even have to steal the phone .. they can ` skim ' it -- place their own phone over it and copy all your data .. pickpockets carefully look for the moment you use your phone .. they 'll watch to see which pocket you put it back in -- and pounce .. ironically , a favourite spot is near signs that say : ` beware of pickpockets . '. according to freedman : ` when we see such signs , we instinctively pat our pockets to check our valuables are ok .. and the pickpocket is watching to see where the item is kept . '. after spending time with this cunning man , i ca n't help keep patting my pockets obsessively as i walk along the street .. i hope a real pickpocket -- rather than a master showman -- is n't watching me .. man of steal is at the menier chocolate factory , london se1 1ru , until april 27 .
a singing three piece of dogs exercised their vocal chords and produced a musical ensemble for the benefit of their owner .. captured in a front room in bahama , north carolina , the three dogs -- a husky called sky , a brown and white springer spaniel called sadie and a black and white springer spaniel called marshall -- take their positions on their make-shift stage .. getting the tune underway , sadie begins barking and then rests her muzzle on sky 's ear as if whispering something -- sky reacts by playfully mouthing in her direction .. the video begins with sadie the springer spaniel barking and interacting with the husky named sky. the springer spaniel then begins barking some more and suddenly the husky joins it , but instead produces a far more pleasant sounding howl .. following the husky 's lead , the spring spaniel begins howling itself and before long the two dogs are musically bouncing off one another .. meanwhile the other springer spaniel moves about the room wagging its tail in an overly excited manner .. no , it 's like this !. the husky begins howling , causing the springer spaniel to stop barking and follow its lead. the three dogs point their noses to the sky and howl together in harmony. before getting itself into position and producing a sound somewhere between a growl and a baritone howl , which adds a further dimension to the music being produced by the duo .. the trio now harmonising with one another kick the performance up a gear by pointing their noses to the sky and howling even louder .. the howling goes on for quite a few seconds with none of the dogs -- who continue to wag their tails -- showing any signs of letting up .. the owner calls for quiet and the dogs stop howling and look at him in surprise. eventually the video concludes with the filmmaker saying : ` hey , hey , hey , come on , come on . '. and the three dogs , rather put out about being interrupted , stopping and turning to look at him in surprise .
an unidentified college student managed to get away without any kind of punishment after cops caught her drinking underage at a festival - because she beat them at a game of rock paper scissors .. a video posted on social media site vine by a user known as old row , shows the girl surrounded by her fellow festival goers at texas-based country music festival chilifest last weekend , facing up to three officers who are believed to have busted her for drinking , before challenging her to a round of the beloved playground game .. seconds after the college student shows a clenched fist - or a ` rock ' - to the three officers , one of whom chose ` scissors ' as his option , thereby claiming a victory , the crowd erupts into cheers of joy and celebration , while the victor is left completely speechless with relief .. rock : an anonymous college student ( pictured ) is thought to have escaped without a ticket for underage drinking after she beat a police officer in a game of rock paper scissors. the clip was captioned : ` these cops let her play rock paper scissors to not get arrested .. since being posted on monday , the vine has been viewed more than 500,000 times , receiving a total of 5,000 likes .. in addition to the video , a gif of the incident was also posted on reddit , with many former texas a&m students using the thread in order to express their disbelief at the leniency of the three officers involved .. ` the police at chilifest ( texas country music festival near college station , tx ) are notorious for giving tickets to minors , ' one user , posting under the name of i_am_bromega , said .. tension : the young girl , who is though to be a student at texas a&m university in college station , had one chance to beat the officers. pure joy : as soon as she realized that she had won , the college student was left speechless with relief. caught on camera : a video posted on social media site vine shows the entire incident '. i was over the legal drinking age when i went , but we did have a fun story involving the police .. ` several of us were passed out in lawn chairs under the tent for our booth .. i was jolted awake by three officers yelling in my face " steve !. are you steve ?! " '. i nearly fell over thoroughly confused , and managed to toss my wallet at them in a hung over attempt to prove they had the wrong guy .. they all start laughing and move on to the next guy yelling the same thing until they woke up .. ` there was nobody named steve , they just got a kick out of waking us up [ sic ] . '. vine user old row commented alongside the clip to explain the circumstances of the game. following the game , the three police officers can be seen walking off into the crowds. celebration : a group of onlookers erupts into cheers of joy as soon as the victory was claimed. a second user , who goes by the reddit name emptyparachute , added : ` this is chilifest at texas a&m .. this girl is lucky as hell .. ` every time i hear a story about chilifest it starts with : " that one time at chilifest before i got a mip/pi/etc . ". the gif , which has now been shared across numerous social media sites , shows the girl shortly after her victory being embraced by a friend , who is , according to the daily dot , wearing a t-shirt printed with the logo of sorority tri delta .. it is currently not known which station the police officers were from ; original reports stated that they were members of the college station police force , however a spokesperson from the station confirmed to daily mail online that they did not have any officers on duty at the festival .
police have launched a manhunt for a father suspected of gunning down his girlfriend while she was driving .. andrew ` drew ' butler , 25 , allegedly shot mother-of-three kendra gonzalez from the passenger seat in san jose , california , in front of the couple 's two-year-old son and her teenage daughter .. police said gonzalez and butler were involved in an argument when the gun went off .. manhunt : andrew ` drew ' butler , 25 , allegedly shot mother-of-three kendra gonzalez from the passenger seat in san jose , california , in front of the couple 's two-year-old son and her two teenage daughters. after the vehicle stopped , butler got out and dragged her body from the driver 's seat and left it on the road .. according to kpix he then ordered the teenage daughter , who was with her boyfriend at the time to get out of the car and take the baby with them , before driving off .. family members said the eldest daughter was screaming , saying : ` do n't kill my mom . '. they have since set up a gofundme page called : ` in loving memory of kendra gonzalez ' .. the page said : ` kendra was brutally shot & murdered in front of her two children on april 7 , 2015 by her boyfriend .. we are raising money for her burial services and also for her children .. ` any amount of money you can donate will be very much appreciated .. unfortunately she did not have life insurance so we need to raise as much money as possible .. ` she left behind three beautiful children and a host of family and friends . '. nearly $ 5,000 has been raised so far .. tribute : family and friends lay flowers at the victim 's home and have since set up a gofundme page to help raise money for her family
one can only imagine the gloomy mood that must have collectively descended on the european tour 's headquarters at wentworth last week when reading about the acts of selflessness of the new masters champion , jordan spieth .. shortly after being presented with the green jacket , the man who has rapidly become everyone 's favourite texan flew to new york and gave 25 interviews over the course of 24 hours .. then , despite the obvious fatigue , he flew to south carolina to keep his promise to play the heritage tournament -- his fourth event in a row -- because , well , they were good to him on the way up and he wanted to pay them back .. jordan spieth hits a tee shot on the eighth hole during the final round of the rbc heritage tournament. spieth has competed in four events in a row as the new masters champion shows his commitment to the sport. what about two tournaments coming up next month in his home state ?. yes , i 'll be playing because they 're ` hometown events ' , he said .. he also committed to the cadillac match play championship in san francisco next week because it is a wgc event , and the players championship in florida the following week because it is the tour 's flagship competition .. now , by way of stark contrast , let 's return to the european tour and their flagship event , also being played next month when the bmw pga championship is staged at wentworth .. given that europeans won an unprecedented three majors last year plus the ryder cup , not surprisingly they wanted to put on quite a celebration .. spieth attends the 50th academy of country music awards at the at&t stadium on sunday night. the new masters champion poses with singers charles kelley ( centre ) and jake owen ( left ) on sunday night. only trouble is , three of the high-profile members of that winning team at gleneagles will not be present .. local favourite ian poulter , world no 3 henrik stenson and world no 10 sergio garcia have decided not to play .. in the past all three have made no secret of the fact they do n't care for wentworth and all three have poor records in the event .. does n't that make it an obvious event to cut from a busy schedule ?. you can see the argument .. but , equally , as spieth at the age of just 21 is effortlessly showing , sometimes it 's simply about doing the right thing .. yes , poulter and stenson , in particular , can put forward persuasive cases as to how they do their bit for european golf .. poulter is doing plenty behind the scenes to ensure the relaunched british masters at woburn in october will be a great success ; stenson plays more tournaments round the world than any other top player and the nasty bout of flu that ruined his chance at the masters was a sure sign he needs to cut back .. all the same , the feeling lingers this admirable pair have got this one wrong .. bmw have done a fabulous job with this tournament .. it has grown to become an integral part of london 's sporting summer .. ian poulter watches his second shot on the first hole during the final round of the rbc heritage tournament. ` it may be my last masters next year .. the distance is ebbing away from this old body and the handwriting is on the wall . '. not just his final open this summer , but it looks as if 65-year-old tom watson is ready to call it a day at augusta as well .. this year he shot 71 in the first round to become the oldest player to break par in masters history .. he followed it by making the halfway cut in the heritage tournament in south carolina last week , and shooting 69 in the third round .. clearly , he 's determined to go out with head unbowed .. the prize fund at $ 5million is handsome and the players are treated regally , with a top-class players ' lounge and free accommodation thrown in at the five-star coworth park hotel in ascot .. equally , they do n't do this as an act of benevolence .. they do this on the presumption that everyone will turn up .. so imagine how they must be feeling .. yes , it will still be a great event with world no 1 rory mcilroy and masters runner-up justin rose competing , while american patrick reed is making his debut .. but they could be forgiven for looking at the revived irish open the following week featuring just as many star names for less than half of their investment and taking place on one of the world 's great golf courses in royal county down to boot , and questioning their largesse .. pleasing all tournament sponsors is , of course , an impossible task , even if spieth appears determined to try .. but there are some events where players ought to feel an obligation to play .. their own flagship event is surely one .. sweden 's henrik stenson watches his tee shot on the fourth hole during the rbc heritage tournament. st andrews will be nick faldo 's last open. twenty-five years after his runaway victory at st andrews , sir nick faldo will play in his last open at the home of golf this july .. thus , the greatest british player of the modern era will bow out over the swilcan bridge like so many of the american legends , such as jack nicklaus and arnold palmer .. with innovative new grandstands dramatically increasing the capacity around the fabled 17th and 18th holes , it will be a fitting place to say goodbye in every sense .. ` i look forward to celebrating all that golf has given me as i cross that storied bridge , ' said sir nick , whose 58th birthday falls on the saturday of the event .. legendary golfer nick faldo is set to make his final open appearance at st andrews in july when he turns 58
one of sydney 's oldest surviving homes is expected to go under the hammer for $ 4million in the much sought after harbourside suburb of millers point next month .. the heritage-listed colonial georgian residence , with three storeys and six bedrooms , was built by whaling captain george grimes who constructed a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist conrad marten 's work in 1843 .. boasting stunning views of the sydney harbour bridge from the front lacework terrace , the 416sqm inner city block property has a large northerly garden with footsteps down to the heart of the historical area of the rocks .. grimes cottage is a heritage-listed 1830s colonial georgian residence with three storeys and six bedrooms and is set to sell for $ 4million. the 416sqm inner city block property boasts stunning views of the sydney harbour bridge from the front lacework terrace. the sandstone and brick home has a formal lounge and dining room with original fireplaces , high ceilings and an open-plan kitchen. less than 10 minutes walk to the city 's centre - with footsteps down to the heart of the historical area of the rocks - the sandstone and brick cottage has a formal lounge and dining room with original fireplaces , high ceilings and an open-plan kitchen .. as if that was n't enough to play with - there is also a separate private self-contained rear guest studio .. only one of two freestanding properties in the new south wales government 's controversial social housing portfolio earmarked to be sold in the suburb .. described as an ` extremely rare intact example of architecture ' by domain.com.au , the protected property has strict guidelines including not permitting parking in the cobblestone side driveway , changes to the front or back facades or any additions or alterations made to the external colour of the building , the daily telegraph reported .. whaling captain george grimes built the home along with a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist conrad marten 's work in 1843. the heritage-listed property has a large northerly garden with footsteps down to the heart of the historical area of the rocks. the protected property has strict guidelines including not permitting parking in the cobblestone side driveway , changes to the front or back facades or any additions or alterations made to the external colour of the building
rocker richie sambora is being investigated by police over claims he ` threatened to kill ' his former fashion designer lover .. the ex bon jovi guitarist , 55 , allegedly told former business partner nikki lund he would ` dig a hole in the desert and bury her ' , daily mail online can exclusively reveal .. sambora is said to have made the chilling threat during a blazing telephone argument on march 19 .. his shaken former flame decided to report the allegation to authorities a week later .. police in the wealthy los angeles suburb of calabasas confirmed to daily mail online that sambora is a ` person of interest ' in an active investigation into criminal threats .. everything was rosy between the ex bon jovi guitarist and his lover and business partner nikki lund last july .. but lund has claimed in a statement to police that sambora recently threatened her saying he would ` dig a hole in the desert and bury her , ' daily mail online can exclusively reveal .. the rock star is believed to be on vacation in bora bora with his ex-wife heather locklear and daughter ava but faces questioning when he returns .. lund , 33 , founded the nikki rich clothing line with sambora and confessed last year that the pair had been having an on-off personal relationship for eight years .. when their affair ended it plunged the business partnership into turmoil , just as the duo were preparing to open a boutique on swank robertson boulevard .. sambora 's alleged threat came just days after lund launched her first signature solo show at the opening of la fashion week on march 18 .. ` they are in the midst of unraveling their fashion business nikki rich , ' a source told daily mail online .. ` things have become very bitter in recent weeks .. ` the threat happened in the midst of nikki launching her solo line .. richie apparently went mad on the phone at her and threatened to kill her .. ` he said words to the effect that he was going to dig a hole in the desert and bury her . '. nikki , a close childhood friend of kim kardashian , filed a report wednesday night with detectives from the lost hills sheriff 's station .. back to back : the couple posed for the cover of the new edition of la fashion magazine before they went their separate ways. ` she held off going to cops hoping that the situation would resolve itself , ' added the source .. but after advice from lawyers and business associates she made the report .. ` richie has been drinking heavily for months and acting erratically. ` he has threatened violence in the past . '. nikki and kim k are friends from way back. lieutenant jennifer seetoo confirmed to daily mail online that sambora is a person of interest in the case .. under californian law making criminal threats can be a felony offence punishable by up to four years in jail . '. a report was taken regarding criminal threats , ' lieutenant seetoo said .. ` it 's an active investigation . '. a representative of mr. sambora said there was no truth in nikki lund 's claims .. ` this is a cluster of fabricated lies in retaliation for mr sambora 's decision to cease further funding of the unprofitable partnership , plain and simple , ' said the rep.. sambora suddenly quit bon jovi during their 2013 world tour because of ` personal issues ' .. the new york post later reported that jon bon jovi had kicked out his longtime songwriting partner due to substance abuse issues .. sambora and lund reportedly began their romance in 2006 - a year before his divorce from dynasty actress locklear was finalized .. sambora is believed to be in bora bora with his ex-wife heather locklear and their daughter ava. they are said to have carried on seeing each other despite sambora going on to date another hollywood beauty , denise richards .. the long-time fling became public last december when lund was doing publicity for the new fashion line .. the curvy blonde confessed to playboy tv : ` he 's amazing in bed ... how could you stay away from the guy ? '. their joint venture collapsed at the last moment , however , despite the pair appearing on billboards together and on the cover of los angeles fashion magazine .. sambora is now dating australian guitarist orianthi despite a 26-year age difference .. lund 's attorney declined to comment on the complaint .. current squeeze : sambora is now dating australian guitarist orianthi despite a 26-year age difference
aussie the dog had always been very protective of his owners kai , seven , and sophie , 10 .. but now their beloved pet is being remembered as a hero after he saved the two children from being electrocuted to death in a puddle in the aftermath of the new south wales storms .. their family home at caves beach , near lake macqurie , had lost power so on wednesday the children 's mother natalie crane-hayes decided take kai , sophie and aussie for a walk in a nearby park .. aussie the dog ( centre ) saved his owners kai ( left ) and sophie ( right ) from being electrocuted in a puddle. the family were walking near their home at caves beach , near lake macquarie , when he was killed suddenly in a puddle that was connected to a fallen live electrical wire. aussie -- who the kids brought home on australia day this year - was always protective of the children. the park was full of large puddles and they did n't know it at the time , but the wild weather had caused a power line to fall down into one of the puddles meaning all the water in the park was live with electrical current .. five-month-old aussie was walking just ahead of the kids and when he stepped into the first puddle he was electrocuted and died instantly .. ` honestly those kids were only a metre away , ' their grandmother deanna addicoat told daily mail australia .. ` it would have been both of them because they would have followed the other one in .. ` aussie 's our hero , he saved their lives . '. ms addicoat said the kids were traumatised .. their grandmother deanna addicoat said the children were traumatised after seeing their dog die. kai and aussie shared a special bond and he is buried under a tree outside kai 's bedroom window. ` it was n't something nice to see ... seeing an animal killed is not nice but for him to be electrified in front of them , ' she said .. they had to wait for emergency services to come and cut the wire before they could move aussie from the puddle .. ` the ses were excellent because they 've got so much work on up here , ' ms addicoat said .. ` once they knew there was a live wire and danger , ausgrid came out and they were just so compassionate . '. ms addicoat said the family hoped the tragedy would remind people about the danger of fallen power lines .. ms addicoat said sophie ( pictured ) was too devastated to watch aussie be taken away but kai wanted to be there to take him home. the kids ' father brendon crane-hayes ( right ) with aussie , who is being remembered by the family as a hero. she added sophie was too devastated to watch aussie be taken away but kai wanted to be there to take his dog home .. ` kai wanted to be with aussie and stay in the car next to him on the way home , ' she said .. ` he helped his daddy dig a hole and they buried him in his favourite spot under the banana tree outside kai 's bedroom window .. ` aussie just loved kai . '. ms addicoat said aussie -- who the kids brought home on australia day this year - was always protective of the children .. the remains of a staircase on newcastle beach .. the hunter region , central coast and sydney were smashed by wild weather on monday , tuesday and wednesday. damage from the storms that hit the coast near lake macquarie .. winds reached category 2 cyclone strength. a car is seen among the debris of houses destroyed by cyclonic winds are seen on in dungog. ` he would always round up the kids if they walked too far ahead , he was a cattle dog and that 's what they 're meant to do , ' she said .. ` kai found these pups at market and his parents said no at first .. ` but kai said " when i 'm holding him and his heart 's next to mine our hearts are beating as one " .. how can you say no to that ?. ` had they not got that dog that day , i do n't want to think about what would have happened . '. an avoca beach resident cleans up her property on the central coast after flooding on wednesday. damage and destruction caused to the arkinstall family home by flooding in stroud in the nsw hunter region. pulver st , in hamilton south in newcastle , was one of the hardest hit streets with nearly every second tree lining the street ripped up , falling on homes
most people would run away if they saw a pile of soil and rubble creeping towards them as if it had a life of its own .. but one russian youtuber captured the terrifying moment a stream of soil flowed down a bank next to a main road , crushing trees in its powerful path and leaving toppled power lines in its wake .. the eerie phenomenon is called an ` earthflow ' and is a rare type of landslide .. a russian youtuber has captured the terrifying moment a stream of soil flowed down a bank next to a main road ( pictured ) , crushing trees in its powerful path and leaving toppled power lines in its wake. alexander giniyatullin kept a remarkably steady hand filming the scary scene in the kemerovo region of russia , which is thought to have happened at around 1pm on april 1 , according to a blog post on the american geophysical union 's website .. in the video , snow-covered soil can be seen sliding down the bank at the side of a road , which is thought to run between novokuznetsk and bolshaya talda .. the earthflow also blocked nearby railroad tracks and caused power outages , but no one was hurt .. commenting on the post , a user called michal said : ` the landslide looks like it may have come from a large coal mine area . '. alexander giniyatullin kept a remarkably steady hand filming the scary scene in the kemerovo region of russia ( shown by the red marker ) , which is thought to have happened at 1pm on april 1. an earthflow is a type of landslide .. it 's a viscous flow of fine-grained materials , such as clay , sand and silt that have been saturated with water and moves downhill because of the pull of gravity .. as the earthflow moves down a slope , it remains covered with any vegetation and typically leaves a bowl-shaped depression behind .. earthflows usually begin in a large basin on the upper part of a slope where debris and weathered material accumulate .. they are usually triggered by heavy rainfall , so that when the debris becomes saturated with enough water , it starts flowing downhill .. the speed of an earthflow can vary depending on the amount of water present and the angle of the slope and varies from 0.11 to 12.4 mph ( 0.17 to 20 km/h ) .. as the earthflow gathers momentum , it can be seen crushing trees in its path , and the sound of crumbling soil and splintering wood can be heard in the video .. the cameraman backs away as the material eerily creeps across the width of the road , where he was previously standing and it seems to spread along the bank at a walking pace .. an earthflow is a viscous flow of fine-grained materials , such as clay , sand and silt that have been saturated with water and moves downhill because of the pull of gravity .. as the earthflow runs down a slope , it remains covered with any vegetation and typically leaves a bowl-shaped depression behind .. it is slower than a mud flow , which can cover villages beneath mud in minutes .. earthflows usually begin in a large basin on the upper part of a slope where debris and weathered material accumulate , - although this point can not be seen in the video .. as the earthflow gathers momentum , it can be seen crushing trees in its path ( pictured ) and the sound of crumbling soil and splintering wood can be heard. the speed of an earthflow can vary depending on the amount of water present and the angle of the slope and varies from being barely noticeable to relatively rapid , as seen in the video when a road becomes completely blocked ( pictured ) in a matter of minutes. research suggests that rockfall son mont blanc ( pictured ) are caused by warming temperatures. climbers have long suspected that hotter summers trigger rockfalls on the slopes of mont blanc in the french alps .. now a study of 533 rockfalls reported by climbers or spotted on satellite images of the mountain since 2003 , has bolstered the opinion that climate change is making popular routes up europe 's highest mountain more treacherous .. ludovic ranavel of the university of savoie at le bourget-du-lac in the alps , spotted a strong correlation between the number of rockfalls and air and rock temperatures on the slopes , new scientist reported .. he thinks that melting permafrost may be to blame , because it loosens rocks that were held in place with ice , causing them to fall .. the expert revealed that 95 per cent of rockfalls around the mountain occur during between june and september - the hottest months of the year .. most begin in areas 10,170 ft ( 3,100 metres ) above sea level , close to the zone containing perma ice , he told the european geosciences union 's general assembly in vienna .. as the alps get hotter , the zone is thought to be receding , creating more rockfalls than before .. they are usually triggered by heavy rainfall , so that when the debris becomes saturated with enough water , it starts flowing downhill .. the video shows a stream of water running down the road as the debris falls down the slope , indicating the mass of soil is waterlogged .. the speed of an earthflow can vary depending on the amount of water present and the angle of the slope , varying from being barely noticeable to relatively rapid , as seen in the video when a road becomes completely blocked in a matter of minutes .. experts at san diego state university said speeds can range from 0.11 to 12.4 mph ( 0.17 to 20 km/h ) .. in fact , it can take minutes or years for material to move down slops and earthflows can affect anything from a few metres of land , to several hectares .. in the video , the flow of debris is quite fast and it 's possible to see industrial equipment toppled at the top of the slope , while trees are crushed beneath the moving earth and what appear to be power lines and pylons pulled down and dragged along by the moving mass of earth .. the movement seems to speed up as the cameraman beats a hasty retreat down the road .. when he pans back along the way he has come , the road is completely blocked by a debris that looks as if it is between one and two storeys high in places .. towards the end of the footage , the speed of the earthflow seems to decline , but it continues to creep across the road , to completely cross it .
after weeks of being hounded for a comment on the expected birth of the new royal baby , mel greig has written an open letter to the media , warning of the harmful consequences of always seeking for a new angle on world events .. the former 2day fm co-host , who shot to notoriety in 2012 after a prank call during the duchess of cambridge 's first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call , penned the letter to ask the media , ` have we not learnt enough from the royal prank call ? '. the 33-year-old said in the letter that with the impending birth of the second child for the duke and duchess of cambridge , she understood the pressure of needing to find ' a new angle ' when providing coverage of news events , offering assurance that she had been in the same position .. former australian radio host mel greig has written an open letter to the media , warning of the harmful consequences of always seeking for a new angle on world events '. i sat there and agreed to prank call a hospital to create a " unique angle " a harmless and stupid idea that sadly ended in tragedy , as we felt obliged to cover the pregnancy and to do it differently , ' she wrote in the letter published by the daily telegraph .. the duchess of cambridge is believed to be overdue by five days as she had been due to give birth last thursday. greig and fellow 2day fm co-host michael christian posed as the queen and prince charles as part of the prank in 2012 to gain information about the duchess of cambridge following the birth of prince george .. jacintha saldana was the nurse who took the call at king edward hospital in london , taking her life two days later and blaming her decision on the actions of the australian radio hosts .. greig has since revealed her personal torment over the prank , and was unable to return to her role on the air , saying earlier in the year that she felt ` the world hated [ her ] ' for what had happened .. in the letter , greig asks why the media continues to seek fresh angles for stories after seeing the consequences of her mistake , and asks various media outlets to learn from the tragedy of ms saldana 's death and to be sensible when it comes to covering the birth of the second royal baby .. ` respect their privacy , stay away from the hospital and think of others when working out what angles to pursue .. for anyone that is actually considering trying to repeat our stupidity from 2012 , do n't , ' greig wrote .. she declared in the letter that there was no need for a fresh angle on the birth , as the fact that a new baby was being born was sufficient , and that her only response would be to congratulate the parents .. the duchess of cambridge is believed to be five days overdue , and many fans and media have camped outside the lindo wing of st mary 's hospital in paddington , where she will give birth .. the 33-year-old said that while she thought the media industry was ` wonderful ' , she said that there needs to be a ` line ' that is never crossed when reporting news .. greig goes on to recount the moment when her own family was hounded by someone she knew when her father and her whole street was ` doorknocked ' for information following the scandal in 2012 .. ` i 've crossed the line too .. but the difference is , i 've learnt from it and i 'll continue to work in the media so i can help others to think before they act .. you do n't need to be careless to create great content , ' she finished .. jacintha saldana committed suicide two days after taking the prank call and blamed the radio hosts. kate and william leave st mary 's hospital in paddington shortly after the birth of prince george .. one midwife suggests cleaning kensington palace could help induce labour. the lindo wing of st mary 's hospital in paddington , where the duchess will give birth .. the facility do n't normally wait for more than a week before helping the baby along. the duchess of cambridge 's royal 's baby is expected before the end of april - with the due date initially reported as yesterday , but later claimed to actually be as early as wednesday last week .. either way kate - who plans to give birth at st mary 's hospital in paddington , central london - is now overdue and may have already spoken to doctors about the possibility of being induced .. earlier in the year , greig spoke to bbc2 radio and spoke of her continual anguish over her actions in 2012 . '. i was in disgust with myself , i had failed as a human being , to be involved in someone 's death is horrific and it affected me greatly , ' she told bbc2 radio listeners .. while ms greig said that she now understands that ` there is more to mental health ... it 's not normally an event like that that can trigger someone to commit suicide , ' she experienced overwhelming guilt at the time .. ms greig said she had experienced deep depression for a year , and claimed that the event had changed her life permanently .. last year , ms greig said that she believed the incident would stay with her forever , but that she has done all she can do now that she has personally apologised to her family .. kate and william with prince george in a picture to mark his first birthday .. it is thought their second child is now overdue. the new royal baby 's big brother prince george was three days overdue when he was born on july 22 , 2013 '. i do n't know how you completely forgive yourself -- someone wrote my name in their suicide note , ' she told sunrise .. ` they thought of me before they took their own life and that will stay with me forever but i can move forward from that point i think because i 've tried to say sorry . '. ` it was really tough but i made that promise to them over a year ago that if they wanted answers i would go to the inquest so i was always going to go , ' she said .. ` to be able to to look them in the eye and say sorry was incredibly hard but it 's something i felt i needed to do -- everyone was very emotionally involved in that room . '. ms greig now hopes she can try to move on with her life . '. i do have a little bit more closure and i 've been finding it so hard to move forward and i think a lot of that had a lot to do with not being able to say sorry -- just bearing that guilt and that blame , ' she said .. ` to know that i have done everything i can -- i tried to help -- i said sorry -- i feel that i 've redeemed myself as much as i can and i hope they got the answers to find the closure as well . '. former 2day fm co-hosts greig ( left ) and michael christian ( right ) posed as the queen and prince charles as part of a prank in 2012. ms greig said that the incident had changed her forever and that she felt like the ` world hated [ her ] '. when asked how others involved in the prank had been able to put the tragedy behind them , ms greig simply replied that people handle situations differently .. ` some people were able to just move on from that -- i was n't -- it deeply affected me for a long time and when you are the face of blame publicly you believe it , ' she said .. ` as well , knowing jacintha herself has written my name in that suicide note and blamed me directly -- you hold yourself responsible . '. ms greig spoke of how the incident had taken its toll on her over the past two and a half years .. ` it took every bit of strength and every bit of support to get through that but you have a choice you can keep fighting or you can let it just take you over and i wanted to fight - life is so precious , ' she said . '. i wanted to try to get better and a part of that was going to the inquest and saying sorry and helping the family out so combined i feel i 've got everything so i can truly move forward . '
rory mcilroy was joined by niall horan at the masters on wednesday and the world 's best golfer is set to return the favour by singing on stage with the one direction star at the end of the summer .. horan fell while caddying for the northern irish golfer in the traditional par-3 contest at augusta while he also hit a ball into the water on the ninth tee , but the irish singer will get some payback in september .. mcilroy is set to compete at the deutsche bank championship which occurs a few days after one direction play gillette stadium in massachusetts on september 12 - and horan revealed that the pair will reunite on stage in boston .. one direction singer niall horan caddied for rory mcilroy in the traditional par-3 contest at augusta national. horan had a embarrassing moment when he slipped over while carrying mcilroy 's clubs on the course. sky sports ' cameras captured the moment when horan suffered a slip while caddying for mcilroy. mcilroy steps aside to let the one direction singer horan tee off on the ninth hole at augusta national. the masters official twitter account shared an image of rory mcilroy and tiger woods with niall horan. ` that was part of the deal , ' horan told the golf channel .. ` if i went on the bag with him , he would come on stage and sing with us .. ` he 's playing in the deutche in boston at the end of the summer and we 're playing in the gillette stadium in foxboro in the same week , so we going to get him up .. ` he said if he 's allowed pick the song then he 's going to do it . '. asked whether he has ever heard mcilroy in full voice , horan replied : ` no , but apparently , he 's terrible . '. augusta national 's par-3 course traditionally hosts the par-3 contest the day before the first major of the year
ryan wray , 26 , was formally charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse on friday. a former utah state university fraternity president who was arrested in march on suspicion of sexual assault was officially charged in first district court on friday .. ryan wray , 26 , was charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse in relation to a series of alleged assaults that occurred between last october and his march 24 arrest .. wray , who served as the 2013 and 2014 pi kappa alpha president , was tasked with keeping safe women who ` could no longer take care of themselves ' at parties at the off-campus frat house , the salt lake tribune reported .. a woman who went to a party at the ` pike house ' told police she awoke to find wray ` touching her inappropriately without her approval ' according to ksl .. the woman , who said she was drunk at the time , discussed the incident with other women who then reported having similar experiences .. when wray was brought in by the logan city police department for questioning , he confessed to groping the victim while she was passed out , the herald journal reported .. he also admitted to groping two other women .. so far only the first alleged victim filed a statement with police .. all of the women were under 21 .. wray was released on $ 10,000 bail after his arrest .. wray posted this picture on facebook and wrote : ` feel like being the new pres requires at least 1 frat selfie '. a woman who went to a party at the ` pike house ' said she awoke to find wray ` touching her inappropriately '. the pi kappa alpha chapter at usu decided to suspend wray after his arrest and then also ceased operations. the pi kappa alpha chapter at usu decided to suspend wray after his arrest and then ` voluntarily ceased operations , other than general meetings ' .. the chapter said it ` will continue to cooperate with local authorities and their investigation ' .. justin a. buck , the frat 's executive vice president , said : ' i am extremely disappointed to learn of mr wray 's unacceptable and illegal behavior . '. i am proud of the young men of gamma epsilon who took decisive action to hold mr wray accountable for his actions . '. wray faces up to 15 years in prison if he is convicted .. the usu student association website still lists wray as the president of the school 's pi kappa alpha chapter. wray faces up to 15 years in prison if he is convicted and is supposed to appear first district court on may 4. usu could also discipline , suspend or expel him .. university spokesman tim vitale said : ` obviously these are extremely serious allegations and we respond immediately to any complaints of student sexual assault .. ` the safety of our students is always first and foremost in our mind and we will take immediate and appropriate action to protect them . '. the usu student association website still lists wray as the president of the school 's pi kappa alpha chapter .. he is supposed to appear in court on may 4 .
bruce jenner could be sued by the stepchildren of the woman who died in the pacific coast highway car crash earlier this year - despite the fact they had ` virtually no relationship ' .. kim howe 's two adult stepchildren are said to be considering suing the former olympic athlete turned reality television star following her death .. mrs howe was driving a white lexus , which jenner 's cadillac escalade rear-ended on a segment of the pacific coast highway in malibu , california , on february 7 .. : celebrity website tmz claims the stepchildren of kim howe ( right ) have hired lawyers to look into the possibility of a wrongful death suit against bruce jenner ( left ). crash : mrs howe , 69 , died after being involved in a four-way smash with realtiy tv star bruce jenner. crash : mr jenner is said to have ` rear-ended ' her white lexus , which was pushed into oncoming traffic. the car was pushed into oncoming traffic , and collided with a black hummer , leaving the vehicle a crumpled wreck .. according to tmz , the two step-children are said to have ` lawyered up ' , because they are the only people who could launch a wrongful death suit .. mrs howe 's husband robert died in 2003 , and it is understood she has no other close living blood relatives .. attorneys have previously warned ` the sky 's the limit ' if it came to a court case , with juries able to award huge amounts .. however , sources close to the investigation have said mr jenner - who was not hurt in the incident - is only insured up to $ 250,000 , meaning he may have to pay out from his personal finances .. it is believed he shares an $ 125million fortune with his ex-wife , kris jenner .. : sources close to the investigation believe mr jenner wo n't be prosecuted for manslaughter. court case : however , mrs howe 's stepchildren could still sue for wrongful death. proof : sources told tmz that one of the step-children had been asked to find pictures of the pair together. police sources say he is unlikely to be prosecuted by the sheriff because he was n't drinking , speeding or texting at the time of the fatal crash .. however , that still leaves the possibility of a wrongful death suit .. close friends of mrs howe have told the celebrity website she had ` virtually no relationship ' with either of her late husband 's children , neither of whom live in california .. sources went on to tell tmz that one of the step-children had been asked to find pictures of the pair together , to prove their relationship - and therefore the amount its loss has cost them .. former couple : bruce , shown in may 2011 with kris jenner , with whom he shares a $ 125million fortune. new york-born mrs howe , who was childless , was ` very socially active ' , according to one member of the exclusive community in calabsas , where she lives alongside the likes of jenner 's kardashian stepdaughters .. jim pascucci , a realtor who lived in the neighborhood , and also sold the howes their $ 2.5 million house , told the new york daily news she was ` sweet ' and ` charitable ' .. according to the newspaper , she had put aside an amount of money to go towards animal charities - an sum which could be in the millions .
what the nation needs is more geniuses .. so said robert streeter and robert hoehn , two self-styled intelligence experts in the thirties , who set out to discover clever people by publishing a book posing devilishly difficult brain-teasers for members of the general public .. now their book has been republished and here we offer you a selection of its tortuous tests -- so you can discover if you are a genius .... a book designed to discover clever people in the 1930s has been republished and is full of tricky questions and brain-teasers .. the answers can be found at the bottom of the page .. rearrange the following letters so as to make the name of a living creature :. four men can build four boats in four days .. how long will it take one man to build one boat ?. test your memory on this passage : three men and their wives and a widower left by car at noon one day for a picnic .. after they had gone three miles , they saw two men and a child in another car that had broken down .. ` that is tough luck , ' said one of the picnickers .. at 1 pm they arrived at the picnic grounds , where they saw only the old one-armed caretaker and his son .. they immediately started to eat their luncheon of sandwiches , fruit and cake .. question : how many people have been mentioned ?. which is heavier , milk or cream ?. what one word means both ` dodge ' and ` immerse ' ?. rearrange the letters in the word ` sleuth ' to make another word .. what word meaning ` ship ' would mean ` small collections of water ' if the letters were read backwards ?. if a clock is stopped for a minute every ten minutes , how long will it take the minute hand to complete a revolution ?. what adjective which means ` pertaining to citizenship ' spells the same from right to left as it does from left to right ?. when seen in a mirror , which of the following words printed in capital letters will look the same as when viewed directly ?. there is a monosyllable which , if you add to it a single letter , becomes a word of three syllables .. a man lived in a house that could be entered by only one door and five windows .. making certain that there was no one in the house one day , he went out for the afternoon .. upon his return , although the windows were still locked and unbroken and the door had not been forced , he discovered a thief in his house robbing it .. if the thief did not use a skeleton key , or pick any of the locks , how did he get into the house ?. if a hen and a half lays an egg and a half in a day and a half , how many eggs will seven hens lay in six days ?. the first two syllables of the name of one of the states of the united states is suggested by a girl 's name .. the third syllable is suggested by a word meaning ` debark ' .. what is the name of the state ?. how will the following sentence , attributed to napoleon , read if you start with the last word and read all the letters and words backwards ?. ` able was i ere i saw elba . '. if a clock is stopped for a minute every ten minutes , how long will it take the minute hand to complete a revolution ?. in the following word , eliminate the second letter and every alternate letter thereafter .. what word do the remaining letters form ?. rearrange the following letters so that they make the name of an article of furniture :. my father is the brother of your sister .. what relative am i of yours ?. cousin , nephew , son , uncle , son-in-law ?. by eliminating one letter in each of four words in the following sentence , a new sentence of an entirely different meaning will remain .. they heard meat was stewed .. what two four-letter words pronounced the same but spelled differently mean ` valley ' and ` curtain ' ?. which two of the following words are composed of the same letters ?. agate , agitate , gates , stags , stage , grate. write the following on your answer sheet and , by inserting two full-stops and a question mark , make the meaning clear .. that that is is that that is not is not is that not so. the first part of the name of a certain make of american car is suggested by a word meaning ` call ' ; the second , by a word meaning ` insinuation ' .. what is the make of the car ?. there were three horses running in a race .. their names were tally-ho , sonny boy , and juanita .. their owners were mr lewis , mr bailey and mr smith , although not necessarily in that sequence .. tally-ho unfortunately broke his ankle at the start of the race .. mr smith owned a brown and white three-year old .. sonny boy had previous winnings of # 20,000 .. mr bailey lost heavily although his horse almost won .. the horse that won was black .. this race was the first race that the horse owned by mr lewis had run .. what was the name of the horse that won ?. extract from are you really a genius ?. timely tests for the irritatingly intelligent , by robert a. streeter and robert g. hoehn .
this is the amazing scene as a freelance photographer risks his life to capture an image of a hungry lion from just a few feet away .. fearless atif saeed , 38 , from lahore , pakistan was in the city 's safari park when he spotted the male lion in the distance .. mr saeed got out of his car and crept up towards the hunter armed only with a camera and fired off a few frames .. atif saeed crept to within 10 feet of the hungry lion before leaving the safety of his car to lie on the ground. armed only with a camera , mr saeed , managed to capture a couple of frames before retreating to safety. unfortunately , the clicking sound of the camera 's shutter alerted the lion to mr saeed 's presence , who was forced to retreat quite rapidly from just 10 feet away from the lion .. he said : ' i was sitting in front of him just near my car and the door of my car was open .. i was sat on ground few feet away , so he was treating me like his prey . '. i was thinking - i must show the character and status of lion and this was the only way i could think of to achieve this .. ` the story finished in few seconds as the lion aggressively jumped towards me and i just about scrambled into my car . '. was laughing at that time , but now when i think back about the incident i do n't think i would be able to do it again .. it was a pretty close encounter . '
( cnn ) whether a patient is in the hospital for an organ transplant , an appendectomy or to have a baby , one complaint is common : the gown .. it might as well have been stitched together with paper towels and duct tape , and it usually leaves the wearer 's behind hanging out .. " you 're at the hospital because something 's wrong with you -- you 're vulnerable -- then you get to wear the most vulnerable garment ever invented to make the whole experience that much worse , " said ted streuli , who lives in edmond , okla. , and has had to wear hospital gowns on multiple occasions .. put another way : " they are horrible .. they are disempowering , " said camilla mcrory of olney , md. .. hospital gowns have gotten a face-lift after some help from fashion designers like these from patient style and the henry ford innovation institute .. the gowns are among the most vexing parts of being in the hospital .. but if efforts by some health systems are an indicator , the design may be on its way out of style .. the cleveland clinic was an early trendsetter .. in 2010 , it introduced new gowns after being prompted by the ceo , who often heard patient complaints when he was a practicing heart surgeon .. that feedback led to a search for something new , said adrienne boissy , chief experience officer at the hospital system .. the prominent academic medical center ultimately sought the help of fashion icon diane von furstenberg , settling on a reversible gown with a front and back v-neck , complete derriere coverage , and features such as pockets , softer fabric and a new bolder print pattern .. patients " loved the gowns , " boissy said .. " people felt much more comfortable in the new design , not just physically but emotionally . ". in recent years , she added , " hospitals are looking at everything they do and trying to evaluate whether or not it contributes to enhancing the patient experience . ". it 's all part of a trend among hospitals to improve the patient reviews and their own bottom lines -- fueled in part by the health law 's focus on quality of care and other federal initiatives .. the centers for medicare & medicaid services increasingly factors patients ' satisfaction into its quality measures , which are linked to the size of medicare payments hospitals get .. sometimes the efforts involve large capital improvement projects .. but they can also mean making waiting rooms more comfortable , improving the quality of food served to patients or , as in this case , updating hospital gowns .. ultimately , this focus leads to " a better patient experience , " said john combes , senior vice president of the american hospital association .. the detroit-based henry ford health system is in the process of updating its gowns , an initiative that began when the system 's innovation institute challenged students at the city 's college for creative studies to identify and offer a solution to one hospital problem .. the students responded with the suggestion to redo the garment that has often been described by patients as flimsy , humiliating , indecent and itchy .. the process took three years , but last fall , the institute unveiled a new and improved version .. it 's made of warmer fabric -- a cotton blend -- that wraps around a patient 's body like a robe and comes in navy and light blue , the hospital 's signature colors .. patient expectations are part of the calculus .. they " are demanding more privacy and more dignity , " said michael forbes , a product designer at the henry ford innovation institute .. when the institute tested his gown design , forbes said , patient-satisfaction scores noticeably increased in a few days .. the new gown " was emblematic ... of an attitude that was conveyed to me at the hospital -- that they cared about me as a whole human being , not just the part they were operating on , " said dale milford , who received a liver transplant during the time the redesign was being tested .. " that was the subtext of that whole thing , was that they were caring about me as a person and what it meant for me to be comfortable . ". but replacing the traditional design is no easy task .. what patients wear needs to be comfortable yet allow health professionals proper access during exams , meaning it must open and close easily .. the gowns also need to be easily mass-manufactured , as well as efficiently laundered and reused .. new designs , though , can be expensive .. after valley hospital of ridgewood , n.j. , switched to pajamas and gowns that provide extra coverage , costs went up $ 70,000 per year , said leonard guglielmo , the facility 's chief supply chain officer , because the new garments cost more to buy and maintain .. beyond cost , more ingrained cultural expectations might also play a role in what hospitals think patients should wear , said todd lee , an assistant professor of medicine at mcgill university , who co-authored a 2014 study in the journal jama internal medicine , examining whether gowns were important and whether patients might be fine wearing their own or hospital-provided pants , instead of or along with gowns .. often , doctors reported that pants or undergarments beneath gowns would have been okay , but patients said they were never given those options .. traditional gowns make it easier to examine patients quickly , and several doctors lee spoke to seemed shocked at the idea that patients might wear garments other than the open-backed gown during their stay .. but the most common challenge is n't necessarily doctor expectations or costs .. it 's navigating hospital bureaucracies , said dusty eber , president of the california-based company patientstyle , which designs and sells alternative gowns .. in his company 's experience , hospital decisions are often made by committees , not individuals .. " there 's a lot of bureaucratic runaround , " eber said .. kaiser health news ( khn ) is a nonprofit national health policy news service .
if you were placed in a room with a button and told not to press it , could you fight the temptation ?. a current reddit thread is testing its users resolve to do just this by placing a clickable button next to a 60-second timer .. when the button is clicked , the timer resets and it is not yet known what happens when the clock reaches zero because no-one can resist clicking it .. more than 730,285 reddit users have pressed the button ( pictured ) since the california firm launched its r/thebutton thread on april fool 's day .. it is not yet known what happens when the timer reaches zero and users can only click the button once. at the time of writing , more than 730,285 reddit users have pressed the button since reddit launched its r/thebutton thread on april fool 's day .. only people who registered on the site before this date are eligible to click the button , and when they do they are awarded a colour , known as a ` flair . '. this colour represents the time period at which they clicked the button , ranging from zero to 60 seconds .. according to the flair guide , users get a purple flair when they press the button between 52 and 60 seconds .. blue flairs are awarded between 42 and 51 seconds , green flairs are between 32 and 41 seconds , yellow flairs are awarded when the button is pressed when the timer is between 22 and 31 seconds , and orange flairs are between 12 and 21 seconds .. only people who registered on the site before this date are eligible to click the button ( picutrred left with the timer pictured centre and right ) , and when they do they are awarded a colour , known as a ` flair . '. this colour represents the time period at which they clicked the button , ranging from zero up to 60 seconds. users get a purple flair when they press the button between 52 and 60 seconds , blue flairs are awarded between 42 and 51 seconds , green flairs are between 32 and 41 seconds , yellow flairs are awarded between 22 and 31 seconds , orange flairs are between 12 and 21 seconds , and red is between zero and 11 seconds. the last colour is red and this is only awarded to those who can resist clicking the button until the timer reads between zero and 11 seconds .. however , thousands of users at any one time are watching the button - 2,665 at the time of writing - and if any of them click the button , the timer resets .. users who registered before 1 april but have not yet pressed the button will have a grey dot beneath their username .. this guide shows what the colour-coded dots , known as ` flairs ' , correspond to on a person 's account .. the numbered flair is rounded up from the time the user pressed the button .. for example , if they pressed it at 45.01 seconds , they will received a 46 second flair. reddit launched its r/thebutton thread on april fool 's day .. if you created your reddit account before 1 april 2015 , you have one chance to press the button .. if you press it , the timer resets to 60 seconds .. you ca n't see the button on mobile reddit apps .. to press the button , you must unlock it by clicking the lock hovering over the button .. once the lock is clicked it will expose the button .. you do not receive flair unless you post a comment or thread , or press the button .. if you comment or post a thread without pressing the button , you will get a grey flair which says ` non-presser ' when you hover over the colour .. if you press the button , nothing happens other than receiving a coloured flair with a number .. the number and coloured flair you receive depends on how many seconds were left on the timer at the moment you pressed the button .. the numbered flair you receive is rounded up from the number you pressed the button at .. for example , if you pressed the button at 45.01 seconds , you will get a 46 second flair .. users who registered after this date will have a light grey dot and can not take part .. and a tally of how many flairs have been awarded , and in which colour , is shown on the right-hand side of the thread .. the current lowest number anyone has pressed at , so far , is 27 seconds .. the first user to get a blue flair was efnex123 , the first ` green ' user was sofa_king_chubby and poppopandaway achieved the first yellow flair .. users are also tweeting their views about the button .. one wrote : ' i am becoming obsessed with the button , ' while another said : ` this " button " thing on reddit is driving me nuts .. i do n't know if i should press or not '. and a third expressed his frustration by tweeting : ` stop pushing the button reddit .. i want to know what happens when no one pushes the button ' ( pictured ). users are tweeting their views about the button .. one user wrote : i am becoming obsessed with the button .. have n't pressed it yet , ' while another said ` this " button " thing on reddit is driving me nuts .. i do n't know if i should press or not . '. and a third expressed his frustration by tweeting : ` stop pushing the button reddit .. i want to know what happens when no one pushes the button . '. it is not known how long the button thread will remain live .. last month reddit had 168,519,576 unique visitors and more than 3,632,750 logged into the site yesterday suggesting there are still a large number of users left to click the button .
pope francis has angered the turkish government by describing the mass-murders of up to 1.5 million armenians in 1915 as ` the first. genocide of the 20th century ' .. the pontiff made the comments at a 100th anniversary mass on. sunday , prompting turkey to summon the holy see 's ambassador in. turkey told the vatican ambassador it was ` deeply sorry and disappointed ' in pope francis , adding that his comments had caused a ` problem of trust ' .. turkey said pope francis has caused a ` problem of trust ' after describing the mass-murders of up to 1.5 million armenians by ottoman turks in 1915 as ` the first genocide of the 20th century '. while turkey accepts that many armenians died in. clashes with ottoman soldiers beginning in 1915 , when armenia. was part of the empire ruled from istanbul , it denies that the victims reached the estimated 1.5 million and that this amounted to genocide .. today was the first time a pope has publicly used ` genocide ' to describe the massacre , although it is a term used by many european and south american governments .. in 2001 , pope john paul ii and armenian apostolic church. supreme patriarch kerekin ii called it ` the first genocide of. the 20th century ' in a joint written statement .. francis , who has disregarded many aspects of protocol since. becoming pope two years ago , uttered the phrase during a private. meeting at the vatican with an armenian delegation in 2013 ,. prompting a strong protest from ankara .. as the archbishop of buenos aires before becoming the leader. of the world 's 1.2 billion catholics , jorge maria bergoglio had. already publicly characterised the mass killings as genocide .. pope francis listens as the patriarch of the armenian catholic church nerses bedros xix tarmouni speaks during a mass on the 100th anniversary of the armenian mass killings in st. peter 's basilica at the vatican. mass : pope francis greets the head of armenia 's orthodox church karekin ii , during an armenian-rite mass on the occasion of the commemoration of the 100th anniversary of the armenian genocide. in memoriam : prelates take pictures as pope francis during the mass in the vatican today. in november , the argentine-born pontiff made an official. visit to turkey as part of his efforts to solidify relations. this april marks the 100th anniversary of the massacre of an estimated 1.5 million armenians by ottoman turks .. the anniversary of the mass killings in world war one will be commemorated by armenia on april 24 .. the killings in 1915 are regarded by many historians as the first genocide of the 20th century , and are said to have inspired nazi leader adolf hitler .. armenians say up to 1.5 million of their kin were killed between 1915 and 1917 as the ottoman empire was falling apart and have long sought to win international recognition of the massacres as genocide .. turkey rejects the claims , arguing that 300,000 to 500,000 armenians and as many turks died in civil strife when armenians rose up against their ottoman rulers and sided with invading russian troops .. several european countries recognize the massacres as such , though italy and the united states , for example , have avoided using the term officially given the importance they place on turkey as an ally .. last year , turkish president recep tayyip erdogan issued a message of condolences to descendants of armenians killed and said turkey was ready to confront the history of the killings .. more recently , erdogan has accused armenians of not looking for the truth but seeking to score points against turkey , saying numerous calls from turkey for joint research to document precisely what happened had gone unanswered .. at the start of the armenian rite mass in st. peter 's. basilica , pope francis described the ` senseless slaughter ' of. 100 years ago as ` the first genocide of the 20th century ' , which. was followed by ` nazism and stalinism ' .. ` it is necessary , and indeed a duty , to honour their memory ,. for whenever memory fades , it means that evil allows wounds to. concealing or denying evil is like allowing a wound to. keep bleeding without bandaging it ! '. francis 's comments were also published by armenian president. serzh sargyan 's office on sunday .. ` we are deeply grateful to his holiness pope francis for the. idea of this unprecedented liturgy ... which symbolizes our. solidarity with the people of the christian world , ' sargyan said. in a speech at a vatican dinner on saturday evening .. after francis 's remarks on sunday , turkey swiftly summoned. the vatican 's ambassador in ankara to protest and seek an. ` the pope 's statement which is far from historic and legal truths is unacceptable .. religious positions are not places where unfounded claims are made and hatred is stirred , ' foreign minister mevlut cavusoglu tweeted .. the foreign ministry in ankara later issued a statement conveying its ` great disappointment and sadness . '. it said the pope 's words signaled a loss in trust , contradicted the pope 's message of peace and was discriminatory because francis only mentioned the pain of christians , not muslims or other religious groups .. francis also urged reconciliation between turkey and. armenia , and between armenia and azerbaijan over the disputed. caucasus mountain region of nagorno-karabakh .. a letter handed out during a meeting after the mass to sargyan. and the three most important armenian church patriarchs present .
officially it 's known as a ` forward three-and-a-half somersaults with one twist pike ' but unofficially it 's the ` firework ' and tom daley hopes it 's the dive that turns london bronze into rio gold .. the former world champion knows he needs to push the boundaries of his sport and spent most of last year battling to master his ` demon ' dive , a dizzying combination of somersaults and twists he had hoped would prove the difference .. however , along with new coach jane figueiredo he spent the winter modifying a new plunge , something that has never been attempted before .. daley spent long hours on the trampoline perfecting technique before building the dive in stages from different heights .. tom daley hopes his new ` firework ' dive can help win olympic gold at the 2016 rio de janiero games. it was painstaking and detailed work but the dive finally got its premiere at the british championships and was part of daley 's repertoire when he won silver , with a personal best score , at the recent world diving series in dubai .. ` there was a sense of relief when we decided to bin the old dive but the pressure was on to come up with something , ' admitted daley .. ` the old dive did terrify me and while i did conquer my demons with it , it 's a weight off my shoulders that i 've moved on because it was a bad dive for me .. ` we wanted to do the least twist possible because i hate the twisting part .. we 've only got one twist in this dive so we had to decide whether we were going to do it at the beginning or at the end because you can do that dive three different ways .. ` we tried doing it at the beginning but it made the dive really hard because the g-force getting into your pike shape is really difficult .. ` we go through 20 gs of force as we 're spinning around so at the end we decided to do it on the way out .. so you spin as fast as you can and then you come out at the end , do one twist then land in the water . '. daley ( right ) has spent the winter modifying the plunge with his new coach jane figueiredo. it 's six years since daley won his breakthrough world title in rome , one year after making his olympic debut as a 14-year old in beijing .. last year there were inaccurate reports that daley was to call time on his diving career but he insists he 's enjoying the sport more than ever , following the decision to relocate from plymouth to london .. his home pool is now the olympic pool , a place with happy memories , and he 'll be the star attraction at next month 's fina diving world series , 1-3 may in his newly-adopted hometown .. but daley is no longer the sole standard bearer for british diving , jack laugher became the first non-chinese diver to win on the world series this year in dubai and tonia couch and synchro partner sarah barrow are also established among the world 's elite . '. i have never loved diving as much as i do now and i want to stay in diving for as long as i possibly can , ' added daley .. the 20-year-old says he is enjoying diving more than ever after relocating from plymouth to london. ` with the move to london it has become exciting again .. especially with the new dive , there are new challenges and new obstacles to overcome .. ` it 's been great having jane on board , we 've had a year and three months working together now .. ` there 's little things that we 've changed -- the strength and conditioning , the way that we work in the pool , the way we work in the gym but it 's really working out .. ` british diving is the strongest it 's ever been and we are all really excited about coming back to london and competing in our own pool .. ` we know in london that we always get a crowd that 's loud .. it 's normally a sell-out and the atmosphere is a bit more electric than anyone else , it gives you that extra adrenaline rush and , in theory , it should get us to dive a little bit better . '. and daley hopes his new dive will bring victory at next month 's fina diving world series in london. but daley 's key ambition for the season in this summer 's world championships in kazan .. since striking gold in rome , he has settled for a fifth and sixth at the event , a record he concedes must change .. his rivals will be the normal suspects , reigning champion qiu bo , olympic champion david boudia and germany 's sascha klein .. ` the build up to rio is going pretty well , ' he added .. ` it 's got a lot of competitions leading up to it and the worlds will be our first chance to qualify .. ` london is one of the key parts of the diving calendar this year because it 's the middle part of the world series .. so it 's a really good marker to see how the new dive 's going and how all of that is piecing together and it 's exactly the half-way mark competition wise so i 'm really looking forward to it . '. see tom daley in the fina diving world series , may 1-3 at the london aquatics centre .. tickets on sale at ticketmaster.co.uk / diving
they see less of leigh griffiths on the streets of leith now than they used to .. he no longer plays for hibernian for a start .. reinventing himself as celtic 's top scorer , the front-page headlines are also less evident .. if no one imagines he now spends his days train-spotting , the nights seem a little quieter than they once were .. leigh griffiths celebrates scoring his third goal of the afternoon against dundee united on sunday. hat-trick hero griffiths takes the ball home following his heroics against dundee at tannadice park. the 24-year-old ( left ) embraces his manager ronny deila after sunday 's convincing win. ` leigh used to put himself around in the leith area , ' says tam currie , his former coach at boys club leith athletic .. ` not that he was doing anything off limits .. ` but i 've not spoken to him in a good while .. before you would see quite a bit of him round here .. but we do n't see nearly as much of him now as we used to . '. it may be a conscious thing .. google the words ` leigh griffiths and controversy ' in the same search and there are more answers than pubs on leith walk .. in football people talk and older , wiser colleagues and managers whispered of a player with a reputation for being unmanagable .. ` there was never any doubt about the boy 's ability , ' says former dundee manager gordon chisholm .. ` it was the off-field stuff that concerned you .. he was a young boy when i had him .. he was quiet , withdrawn at times , and wasn ' t exactly the life and soul of the dressing room .. ` he kept himself to himself - but he could n't get back to edinburgh quick enough .. ` that seemed to be the case any time he got a day off .. any spare time and he wanted back to leith to be with his mates , which probably was n't a good thing .. ` i 'm not sure he was doing the right kind of things .. i 'm sure he is now being guided by the celtic management team . '. it has taken time , work and effort to get to a point where griffiths can now boast 14 goals in his last 17 games .. griffiths celebrated his hat-trick with a trophy as he became celtic 's top scorer. griffiths caused a stir when he first arrived at hibernian but proved to be a fans favourite in the end. griffiths celebrates scoring the winning goal for hibs in the scottish cup semi-final in april 2013. as a child , he stood out in edinburgh amateur football .. but concerns about the impact of his formative years on the company he kept prompted hibs , his boyhood idols , to reject his talents .. ` it 's well known he could be a feisty character , ' recalls tam currie , a leith athletic committee member .. ` i go back with leigh to when he was 12 and he was a lad who had to be looked after .. ` he came from a split family and you take on the role of social worker in that situation .. but he was no different from the others in that regard .. ` he was like any other young lad .. he had his troubles with different folk and what not . '. ` troubles with different folk ' is a polite way of summing up his career .. boldly , neil lennon took a gamble on signing him for # 900,000 in january 2014 .. griffiths had accumulated yet more front-page cuttings from while on loan at hibernian from wolverhampton wanderers following a racism row on social media .. the doubts over his perceived shortcomings as a human being were amplified when he returned to leith -- where else ?. -- to attend an edinburgh derby as a hibs fan .. he was in a pub where offensive chants about hearts and former tynecastle attacker rudi skacel were filmed and posted on the internet .. in october , he will stand trial on offensive behaviour at football .. when the legal action is concluded one way or the other the sfa will revisit charges of bringing the game into disrepute .. griffiths was wolves leading goalscorer in january of last year , scoring 13 goals in all. that attracted interest from celtic though , with the scottish striker penning a four-year deal with the bhoys. the potential for embarrassment to celtic is apparent and , perhaps for that reason , lennon 's successor , ronny deila , appeared to make a judgement the player was n't worth the hassle .. he was no one 's definition of a deila 24-hour athlete .. yet the norwegian 's attitudes to griffiths began to soften when the player opted to drive three hours to play for celtic 's development team against sunderland of his own accord .. within days he was back in the first team , scoring in a 2-1 defeat to dundee united at tannadice .. in the five months since , he has usurped john guidetti in the starting xi and is now regarded as deila 's most potent attacker .. ` he looks as if he has matured as a player , ' adds chisholm , now a scout with sunderland .. ` he never wanted to be an out-and-out striker when i had him at dundee .. he always drifted out into wide areas .. ` he still does that , but i think he has improved .. his hold-up play and movement is better .. ` he is playing with good quality players , getting better service and i am hopeful he has turned a corner now . '. bolton and hibs wanted griffiths on loan in the last window .. the court case notwithstanding , however , his no 28 celtic shirt looks a better fit now than it did even three months ago .. ` he is silencing a few critics now , ' says his former leith coach currie , with griffiths having grabbed his second hat-trick of the season against dundee united on sunday .. ` the celtic supporters did n't fancy him much .. there were certainly a few doubters there .. ` people here in this neck of woods was hoping he would end up back at hibs on loan .. ` i 'm delighted for him it did n't come to that because i do n't think it would have been a good move for his career .. ` to be honest , i would take him over steven fletcher every time .. ` he is a better striker .. i used to see fletcher a lot when he played for hibs and , all round , leigh is a better player .. ` i read he still has a trial to go through for the pub incident - but he knows now he has to be on his best behaviour .. you have to be to be a celtic player .. ` i 'll tell him that if i see him again in leith .. but it looks to me now like he has turned the corner . '
the disney driving instructor who was killed in a lamborghini crash sunday tried to grab the wheel in a desperate attempt to prevent a collision , as investigators say the car may have been speeding in the wrong direction around the track .. tavon watson , 24 , was doing 100mph at the exotic driving experience at walt disney world in orlando when he slammed the $ 220,000 lamborghini on the passenger side into a guardrail , killing 35-year-old race track employee gary terry .. florida highway patrol sgt kim montes revealed tuesday that the guardrail damaged the italian car on the east side of the passenger door .. desperate effort : investigators say disney driving instructor gary terry ( left ) grabbed for the wheel of an out-of-control lamborghini operated by trevor watson ( right ) and counter-steer before the car crashed into a guardrail. ` guess who 's driving a ferrari 458 italia lstrf today ? '. : watson uploaded this picture to facebook in celebration of his birthday with this message : ` but really .. i thankyou lord for keeping in your presence long enough to endure another day that just so happens to be my birthday '. the fhp is now investigating whether cars at the private track are set up to travel in the opposite , clockwise direction of the guardrails , according to wesh-tv .. montes also said that evidence suggests terry tried to grab the wheel and ` counter steer ' the out-of-control vehicle in the moments before the deadly wreck .. video from inside the red lamborghini reportedly showed that the car spun three times before careening into the guardrail at 100mph , causing the vulnerable passenger door to cave in into terry .. ` we 're talking his whole body received the low , ' montes noted to new york daily news .. both watson and terry were wearing helmets and lap and shoulder belts .. father-of-one terry died at the scene while watson was rushed to celebration hospital near lake buene vista for treatment where he was later declared stable .. he has since been discharged .. the day out at the track was a present from watson 's wife and he posted a picture of himself next to a red ferrari on the tarmac just hours before the fatal collision .. drive : according to his linkedin terry was the operations manager at the richard petty driving experience at walt disney world. outdoors : terry , 36 , originally hails from michigan and brought his love of adventure to his new home in kissimmee , florida. ` guess who 's driving a ferrari 458 italia lstrf today ? '. ` that 's right that 's right .. i ma drive all the cars they have in one day .. because i 'm a gangsta like that .. later that afternoon , watson crashed the lamborghini gallardo he was driving , killing terry , a former race car driver who was the operations manager at the richard petty driving experience at walt disney world .. watson does n't face any traffic charges since the accident took place on a closed track , and there are no indications he was doing anything criminal , authorities said .. ` it 's not the kid 's fault .. it 's a freak thing that happened , ' said timothy horvath , a terry family friend .. as for terry , ` if he thought he was in any danger , he would n't have done it . '. horvath said working at the disney attraction was terry 's ` dream job . '. terry grew up in a racing family in michigan .. his brother , adam , was also a race car driver .. terry was married with a toddler-age daughter , said horvath , who grew up with the terry family and runs a graphics business in michigan that specializes in motor sports .. ` gary was one of the best , ' horvath said .. ` he was a natural-born talent behind the wheel . '. watson , a hotel bellhop , described himself on his linkedin page as self-motivated , professionally mannered , humble and ' a very quick learner . '. he told authorities he had been at the exotic driving experience before .. father : gary terry is pictured here with his wife , kathy and their daughter who appears to have celebrated her first birthday in may of last year. tragic : gary terry , 36 , died and his driver was hospitalized after their lamborghini crashed at disney world. investigators from the federal occupational safety and health administration are looking into what happened .. osha spokesman lindsay williams said the agency had n't previously investigated petty holdings , the company that operates the track .. driving days at the track start at $ 99 and can cost as much as $ 2,500 for a full race experience with in-car video .. the track is operated by petty holdings which also has exotic driving experience franchises at speedways in atlanta , dayton beach , charlotte , new jersey and texas .. named after the nascar legend , richard petty , the experience lets fans drive european supercars or nascar vehicles at close to their top speeds of 200mph around an oval .. ` it 's kind of scary to think accidents do happen even though they are rides and there are precautions , ' said visitor autumn stevenson to wftv .. the exotic driving experience attraction lets racing fans be drivers or passengers in luxurious cars such as lamborghinis , porsches or ferraris. package : thrill seekers can pay up to $ 2,500 to experience a day driving an italian supercar such as a lamborghnin gallardo ( pictured above ). as part of the package , visitors are accompanied by a professional driver who sits in the passenger seat providing racing advice .. it is believed that was what terry was doing when he was killed in the lamborghini .. the racing track is just south of the iconic magic kingdom .. ` we offer our deepest sympathies to those involved in today 's tragic accident , ' said andrea finger , spokesperson for walt disney world resort .. according tot he orlando sentinel , petty holdings llc also offered its best wishes to the victims and their families .. ` on behalf of everyone in the organization , it is with a very heavy heart that we extend our deepest sympathies to those involved in today 's tragic accident in orlando . '. the exotic driving experience , along with its sibling track , the richard petty driving experience , was slated to close this summer at disney world for unrelated reasons .
probe : guernsey police sent ten officers to the island last thursday to raid dr rory lyon 's surgery and a private address. the widow of one of four patients whose deaths are being investigated on the channel islands last night spoke out to defend the gp at the centre of the police probe .. yvonne deegan , 77 , described the investigation as ` absolutely diabolical ' and said she was ` perfectly happy ' with the care provided by dr rory lyons .. her husband bernie deegan , 70 , died suddenly earlier this year following a 12-year cancer battle .. police last week told mrs deegan that his death is one of four on the small island of alderney being investigated as part of a probe into dr lyons .. the retired stonemason was a close friend of colin cosheril , 63 , whose sudden death from heart failure last year is being also being looked at .. islanders have said it was concerns over the unexpected death of mr cosheril 's cousin karen from pneumonia in january that prompted the investigation in to dr lyons , 62 , who has been suspended from practicing .. but mrs deegan , 77 , yesterday said she had no complaints over dr lyons or the care he gave her sick husband bernie .. she said her husband 's death was sudden but not unexpected as he had been ill since he was diagnosed with throat cancer 12 years ago .. the great-grandmother said : ` only god could have helped him . '. i have always been perfectly happy with dr lyons and whatever is going on i think it is absolutely diabolical . '. i do n't know who started all this but i think they are all very wrong . '. guernsey police sent ten officers to the island last thursday to raid dr lyon 's surgery and a private address .. the eagle medical practice was searched for five hours and computers and papers -- including medical records -- were seized by police .. mrs deegan said she did not know why her husband 's death was being looked at and police had not given her any information either .. the cancer had recently spread to mr deegan 's chest and specialists in guernsey had warned the family he did not have long left before he died in january .. she said : ` the police are not saying anything .. they are telling us not to talk to anyone but they are not telling us anything . '. but she said she had no reason to be concerned about how her husband died , adding : ` as far as i 'm concerned there should be no reason .. they gave him a death sentence 10 years ago . '. i do n't really know and i ca n't really understand it and actually i 'm very , very sad about it .. ` the police said dr lyons was being looked into and bernie 's death had come up and i said well i did n't see why .. ` he has been cremated so at least they ca n't dig him up .. because that i would n't have . '. relatives : cousins karen and colin cosheril were patients of the alderney family doctor when they died .. karen , 52 , left , died in january of pneumonia and colin , 63 , right , died of heart failure in may last year. the widow said her husband 's death was sudden , but said : ` it was in the sense of the word sudden but we knew it was going to happen because the lung specialist in guernsey told us . '. mr cosheril 's sister brenda webb reported his sudden death to the health authorities last year and was told last week it was being investigated as part of the police probe .. it is believed the guernsey health service launched an investigation into dr lyons when concerns were raised about the death of divorcee karen cosheril , who often used her married name tayleur , in january .. chief of police patrick rice last night said : ` our neighbourhood policing team sergeant has met community leaders and spoken to a wide range of islanders over the last few days .. ` our alderney-based police officers will continue this work as we seek to ensure islanders are being reassured about this serious investigation . '. i will repeat that this decisive early police action was necessary in order to ensure the protection of the public , which is always our main focus .. ` the investigation will be conducted as expeditiously as possible , however , given its nature and complexity it could take a considerable amount of time to conclude . '. sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .
a new restaurant is offering a five-course drink-paired menu stuffed with all the fashionable , nutritional foods you can think of .. there 's seaweed and kale puree to start , followed by a reishi mushroom flaxseed cream main course , with a dessert of coconut and blueberry chia pudding - with gluten-free cinnamon quinoa .. but this bang on-trend meal is n't fit for human consumption - it 's just for dogs .. foodie fidos will be treated to a five-course drinks-paired set menu at the curious canine kitchen which opens for one weekend only ( 11 to 12 april ) in shoreditch , london. menu was devised by event organiser natty mason who worked with whole foods chef emily stevenson. these meals will be served for one weekend only at london 's latest eatery , the curious canine kitchen , a ` holistic restaurant for four-legged friends ' .. the doggie fine diner is the first of its kind in britain to serve high-end , freshly prepared , organic canine cuisine and will pop up in shoreditch , london , on saturday 11 and sunday 12 april .. this ticketed charity event is the brainchild of event organiser and spiritual dog trainer natty mason who has worked with whole foods , and gluten-free trained chef emily stevenson to devise the menus .. ms mason said : ' i am impassioned to provoke a rethink in healthy canine dining and hope that this event , the first of its kind here , inspires better doggie dinners across the uk ' .. for # 20 a dog , foodie fidos will be treated to the five-course the nature way tasting menu for dogs which includes dishes such as textures of tripe with seaweed and kale puree , crispy paddywack ( the chewy dog treat ) with reishi mushroom flaxseed cream , and coconut , and blueberry chia pudding with gluten-free cinnamon quinoa dog biscuits .. each dish will be served alongside refreshments such as alkaline water , beef consomme and coconut water .. your pets will be served by waiters at one of the restaurants four bespoke doggy tables. the meal will be polished off with a marrow bone from hill & szrok , known for its teeth cleaning properties and a ` fresh breath ' herbal tea tonic to aid digestion .. human companions will be served an assortment of seven , raw whole food amuses-bouche and a variety of drinks as part of a set rawsome tasting menu which features gazpacho raw soup , golden quinoa , coconut and mango salad as well as avocado , blueberry and chia cheesecake .. served by waiters at one of the restaurants four bespoke doggy tables , any leftovers will be available to take home in a doggy bag .. all proceeds from event will be donated to amazon cares , a street dogs and cats charity in iquitos , peru where ms mason regularly volunteers .. there will be two seatings each day ( 1 to 3pm and 3 to 5pm ) .. doggy foods : textures of tripe with seaweed and kale puree , crispy paddywack with reishi mushroom flaxseed cream , and coconut , and blueberry chia pudding with gluten-free cinnamon quinoa dog biscuits , marrowbone from hill & szrok. doggy drinks : alkaline water , beef consomme and coconut water and fresh breath herbal tea tonic to aid digestion. human food : gazpacho raw soup , golden quinoa , coconut and mango salad as well as avocado , blueberry and chia cheesecake. the event takes place at one , unit 1 , 1 teesdale street , london , e2 6gf .. tickets cost # 20 per dog and owner and can be purchased at curiouscaninekitchen.com .. 100 per cent of the proceeds will be donated to charity .
he 's earned the plaudits of the majority of everton supporters for his endeavours on-the-pitch , and now steven naismith has been awarded for his generosity off-it too .. the toffees forward is the latest recipient of the barclays spirit of the game award for his selfless charity work and contributions to the local community .. the 28-year-old has worked with the likes of job centre plus , dyslexia scotland and the whitechapel centre in liverpool , to help give back to the communities that have supported him throughout his football career .. everton forward steven naismith ( right ) has won the barclays spirit of the game award. naismith ( centre ) recieved the award for his selfless charity work and contributions to the local community '. i think as a footballer you 've got a fantastic and unique opportunity to give something back which is worthwhile and when i 'm not playing football i try and help as many charities and associations as i can , ' he said of his reasons for his selfless actions .. ` giving back to the community comes probably from my upbringing and my working class background .. ` my dad is a social worker and i grew up in a small village which had a very good and strong community that 's about helping people in need .. ` i 'm speaking to these people first hand and they 've had knockbacks but they 're doing all they can and they 're not just sitting back and giving up . '. naismith ( centre ) teamed up with job centre plus to offer unemployed fans the opportunity to watch the club. ahead of the current premier league campaign , the scotland international teamed up with job centre plus to give everton tickets to the unemployed people of liverpool and offer them the opportunity to watch league games at goodison park .. ` at the start of this season i decided to purchase some tickets for fans that are n't fortunate enough to go to games .. i hooked up with job centre plus because they people know first hand who is trying to get back into work , ' naismith added , speaking about this initiative . '. barclays community leader maria branigan said of the toffees no 14 : ` steven has gone and above his role as a footballer and we 've awarded him with the spirit of the game award to recognise his fantastic work within the community .. barclays community leader maria branigan says naismith has done ` fantastic work within the community '. barclays are committed to helping the next generation of fans fall in love with football and for the remainder of the 2014-2015 season they will give supporters the chance to win tickets to their favourite team every week via the barclays spirit of the game website .. barclays will also once again be giving away more than 8,000 tickets to local communities in partnership with premier league clubs .
a lobster restaurant in canada has issued a detailed and sincere apology after it was attacked by online commenters for a ban on ` small screaming children ' .. lobster pound and moore , in cape breton , nova scotia , had posted ` effective as of now , we will no longer allow small screaming children ' , saying that it ` caters to those who enjoy food and are out to enjoy themselves ' .. the message , posted last sunday night , was deleted by monday morning after a torrent of online abuse came from disgruntled parents .. lobster pound and moore in cape breton , nova scotia , kicked off a internet debate when it announced that it would no longer allow ` small screaming children ' into its dining room. the canadian seafood restaurant had said that it was ` an adult themed restaurant that caters to those who enjoy food and are out to enjoy themselves '. commenters began giving the restaurant 's facebook page one-star reviews and said that they would never again set foot in his restaurant .. ` would n't grace their doors if they paid me .. their lack of compassion to even post in a professional manner leaves such a bad taste who would bother to try the food ! '. sarah valley said on a poor review .. others said that some adults were far more annoying at restaurants than children and said they took particular offense because children can have tantrums due to special needs conditions such as autism .. the restaurant later posted an apology on the page , saying that the ` hate and threats ' the owner had received had prompted him to reconsider his policy .. it said that it chose the ` wrong words ' for its post and that it ` will take any belly that is hungry ' .. abuse targeting his restaurant , as well as ` hate and threats ' aimed at his family , prompted chef and owner richard moore to reverse his policy and make a detailed apology on facebook. moore said that he always tries his best to provide for his customers but made an unfortunate choice of words when he called his youngest patrons ` small screaming children ' instead of ` lil diners having a moment '. the restaurateur said that he sympathized with parents whose children have tantrums because of special needs conditions such as autism , saying he understands it ` first hand ' '. i love kids and would have them if i could .. i shouldnt have used the word screaming but should have said something like ` lil diners having a moment ' , the owner richard moore said .. he continued that he tries to accommodate everyone 's dietary needs and ` understands first hand conditions such as autism ' . '. i never considered the hate and threats it would bring against not only me but those i love and for that i 'm truly sorry '. i know some may find this silly but i love cape breton and moved home to give back .. i 've disappointed you and myself . '. i will do better even if you do n't give me the chance .. i was trying to be different and the ` go to ' happening place . '. after the owner 's heartfelt apology , other nova scotia residents and facebook users voiced support for the no screaming child policy , which is no longer in effect .. some parents took offense at the idea of their children not being allowed to eat at a restaurant because of bad behavior .. others said they would enjoy the peace and quiet of an adult-oriented atmosphere ( file photo ). the seaside establishment experienced a flurry of reviews both positive and negative after its previous policy got media attention from those for and against small children at restaurants. ` you may have lost some people ... but there are plenty who will greatly appreciate such a policy ... we just do n't whine ... ( i mean , really , where do you think the kids learned ? ) '. , commenter lori-jo carroll posted under the apology .. others said they would appreciate such as policy as a means to get a peaceful , relaxing dinner .. ` as a mother of 3 screaming children i support you !!!. we never take our children out to restaurants unless it is geared specifically to children and families for that reason .. and when my husband and i get out together for a date i do n't particularly want to hear kids screaming and parents yelling , ' gina ledwich said .. the restaurant 's facebook page had gathered hundreds of reviews as sunday afternoon , with more than 100 one-star and nearly 400 five-star .
a track meet judge was left with a javelin embedded in his heel after he fell over trying to dodge it .. dan klice , 57 , was officiating at a competition at ramapo college in mahwah , new jersey , when he was pierced by the projectile .. police say that he saw the errant javelin headed towards him and tried to dodge it - but tripped over in the process .. competition : dan klice , 57 , was officiating at a competition held at ramapo college in mahwah , new jersey , pictured above. his fall left his left heel exposed , which was hit by the soaring javelin .. klice lives in oleans , new york , but had crossed the hudson so judge the contest .. according to the bergen record , the javelin was left sticking out of his foot while firefighters arrived to saw off the shaft of the weapon .. after removing that , he was taken to the valley hospital in ridgewood via ambulance .. authorities said he was conscious during the journey and that there is no threat to his life .. the cliffview pilot local blog reported that the stray javelin had been caught by a gust of wind .
the father of a 10-year-old minnesota boy whose body was found in the mississippi river over the weekend was arrested monday , less than a month after he appeared at a vigil tearfully pleading for his safe return .. pierre collins was taken into custody on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of barway collins , crystal police chief stephanie revering said in a news release .. pierre collins was phootgraphed monday being placed in the back of a squad car in handcuffs and taken away from his apartment complex in crystal .. he will be processed and taken to the hennepin county jail .. pierre collins , the father of a 10-year-old boy whose body was found in the mississippi river over the weekend , sits in the back of a police vehicle after he was arrested monday on suspicion of second-degree murder. a body pulled from the mississippi river on saturday has been identified as barway edward collins ( above ) , 10 , who has been missing for nearly a month. collins ' wife , yamah collins , was later escorted to an unmarked police vehicle and also driven away .. a timeline for charging will be determined by the hennepin county attorney 's office , revering said .. revering said authorities have electronic evidence that shows mr collins , 33 , was in that area of the river at the time the fourth-grader disappeared .. authorities said the body of the ten-year-old was found on saturday around 1pm by searchers from a boy scout troop - about ten feet from the river 's edge in brooklyn center .. the police chief said sunday the boy 's father was a primary suspect in the case .. collins has said he is innocent .. crystal police chief stephanie revering said authorities have electronic evidence that reveals that the boy 's father , pierre collins , was in that area at the time he disappeared ( above revering during a news conference on april 12 , 2015 in crystal , minnesota ). barway 's father , 33-year-old pierre collins ( pictured left as he stands with his wife , yamah , during a vigil held for his son last month ) is a primary suspect in the homicide investigation involving his son. ` this location is consistent with our knowledge of pierre collin 's activities on march 18 and he remains a primary suspect , ' said revering .. the hennepin county medical examiner said the cause and manner of barway 's death are still being investigated .. the case is being considered a homicide based on the autopsy and information from the medical examiner , said revering .. a report last month by fox 9 said that according to sources , pierre collins , took out a life insurance policy in barway 's name totaling $ 30,000 not long before the child went missing .. authorities have seized pierre collins ' passport to ensure the liberain national stays in the us .. police were stationed at his apartment complex for his own protection after reports of death threats .. on sunday , pastor harding smith , of the spiritual church of god who has been acting as the family 's spokesman said when the family received the news , there were a lot of tears , according to twin cities .. ` there were lots of tears and lots of screams , ' he said .. ` there was disbelief , hurt , sadness .. there is a deep sense of loss when you enter that home . '. alexander collins , executive director of the liberian ministry association , said : ` we also want to make clear to the perpetrator of this tragedy , that wherever you are , you will be found .. this evil will be found .. ` wherever you are hiding , under a car , underground , make no mistake our community does not abide this evil . '. the hennepin county medical examiner said the cause and manner of barway 's death are still being investigated. barway , who was a student at evergreen park world cultures community school , was last seen after school last month .. in video released by police ( scenes from footage above ) , barway says ` there 's my dad ' and ` there 's my uncle '. in a march 25 interview with the star tribune , pierre collins said he was not home when his son disappeared and he was upset to be considered a suspect .. ` i 've been working with the police just to bring my son home , ' he told the newspaper . '. i will do whatever they want just so barway can come home .. i have nothing to do with barway 's missing . '. his wife and barway 's stepmother , yamah collins , also said she and her husband did not know who took the boy , and they pleaded for his safe return .. pierre collins ( right ) , accompanied by pastor harding smith ( center ) , the family 's spokesman , was interviewed by nancy grace last month , saying that he failed the polygraph test because he was very emotional. police said on sunday that the boy 's father ( above ) is a ` primary suspect ' as the case becomes a homicide investigation. police released a video of barway riding a bus after school .. in the video , the boy said ` there 's my dad ' and ` there 's my uncle . '. ` the father and the party described as an ` uncle ' are likely the last known people to have seen barway , ' revering said , as reported by the star-tribune .. ` unfortunately , we have reason to believe that barway 's father has not been completely truthful with us . '. addressing the footage on the bus , pierre collins explained to nancy grace that in the liberian community , children commonly refer to adults as ` uncle ' or ` auntie . '. when pressed by grace about the failed polygraph test , collins explained that he was ` very emotional ' during the test . '. i was n't ... myself when i took the polygraph , ' he said .. the boy was reported missing by his father at around 6.30 pm on march 18 after the child failed to come home from school ( above a massive billboard featuring a missing ad for barway ). barway , who was a student at evergreen park world cultures community school , was last seen after school last month .. the boy was reported missing by his father at around 6.30 pm on march 18 after the child failed to come home from school .. a call to the school bus company revealed that the 10-year-old was dropped off outside his building at around 4.15 pm .. video surveillance from his apartment complex shows he was about to go inside , but then turned around as if he was called over to the parking lot by someone he knew , and he walked away , police said last month .. rosario ramirez left and her children daniela , five , isaac , nine , and juan , 11 , pay their respects to barway collins during a vigil at cedarwood apartments in crystal , minnesota held last month. a young boy adds a donation for barway collins ' family to the pile during the vigil last month. the family told the star tribune that barway emigrated from his home country of liberia , where his mother lives , to stay with his father in 2011 .. the father said he wanted ` to make him better ' and for barway to eventually go to college .. while looking for barway , local police , federal agents and hennepin county 's sheriff 's deputies searched the area with k-9 dogs , reviewing footage from surveillance cameras and interviewing family members and witnesses .
if you live in the uk or us you can expect to have already been hacked -- at least according to the real life conman turned fraud prevention expert whose escapades inspired catch me if you can .. frank abagnale , whose early life on the run from the fbi was brought to life on the screen by leonardo di caprio , has said the public is underestimating the extent that their details have been stolen by digital fraudsters , the times reported .. in the 2002 steven spielberg film abagnale , now 66 , poses as a doctor , a lecturer , a lawyer and an airline pilot over the course of a crime spree that eventually landed him in prison .. frank abagnale ( right ) has said individuals in the western world have probably already had their identities stolen .. he was played by leonardo di caprio ( right ) in the film about his misspent youth as a conman. however the former conman changed his ways and has spent the rest of his career working with the fbi on fraud detection and prevention .. in an interview mr abagnale told of how in an age of information overload , those of us living in the western world have probably already had our identities stolen .. he highlighted the recent theft of details from more than 80 million americans whose names , dates of birth , children 's details and and social security numbers were held by the us underwriter anthem insurance .. he added that there had been so many similar incidents in recent years that societies should just assume personal information had been stolen .. mr abagnale works as a consultant to british company lexisnexis and has written three books on the nature of fraud .. he has called the constant effort by security companies to stay ahead of hackers a ` battle ' , saying it is always necessary to be thinking a move ahead of the fraudsters .. abagnale , as is depitced in the 2002 film catch me if you can , posed at one point as a senior medical doctor. the conman turned fraud expert also travelled the globe posing as an international airline pilot for pan am. mr abignale exaplained that while he used ink and paper to fraudulently access money , the scope for internet fraud is greater and easier for hackers. a survey by the digital consultancy centrify shows one in four britons know they have had their identities stolen .. in 43 percent of those incidents the ensuing difficulties took more than a month to rectify .. forty-seven percent said they had to pay money to resolve the problems .. of these , 28 percent had to pay at least # 60 .. mr abagnale explained these kinds of cases were not the work of some mastermind fraudster but more often than not down to employees simply not following proper procedure .. details can be lost when individuals download work files at home , insert unknown memory sticks into work terminals or open attachments on untrustworthy emails .. because fraudsters will sit on stolen information for drawn-out periods of time , people are normally hacked two or three years before their identity is stolen .. however the typical reaction is to assume the theft is recent , abagnale explained .. the tools of his trade were pen , paper and charm but mr abignale says what he did 50 years ago as a teenaged boy is now ` a thousand times easier , ' adding that changes in technology always open the door to crime .. as a prime example he explained that to forge a cheque in the 1960s required a special printing press .. now a coporate logo and a managing director 's signature can all be found on the web at the click of a button .. typically abagnale will drop memory sticks with the word ` confidential ' written on them on the floor of a new client 's offices .. inevitably they will be picked up by an unwitting employee and placed in a work computer , allowing the bug he has placed on it to enter the system .. frank abignale worked as a fraudster during his teenaged years in the 1960s - he now deeply regrets it. frank w abagnale jr has become one of the world 's foremost authorities on forgery and secure documents .. he has worked with the fbi , hundreds of financial intitutions and corporations and international government agencies .. as well as the 2002 steven speilberg film made about his life , a broadway musical also called catch me if you can opened on broadway in april 2011 .. between the ages of 16 and 21 , he successfully posed as an airline pilot , an attorney , a college professor and a paediatrician .. while doing so he cashed $ 2.5 million in fraudulent checks in every u.s. state and 26 foreign countries. apprehended by the french police when he was 21 years old , he served time in the french , swedish and u.s. prison systems .. after five years he was released on the condition that he would help the u.s. federal government without remuneration .. more than 14,000 financial institutions , corporations and law enforcement agencies now use his fraud prevention programs .. he said the amount of money lost to fraud was ` beyond the imagination ' .. medicaid , mr abagnale said , and meidcare , the two u.s. healthcare assistance programmes , pay out more than $ 100 billion in fraudulent claims every year .. the conman turned fbi consultant insists he is not proud of his youthful adventures and said he regretted the speilberg film .. however he said he has paid back society with interest .. $ 2 milllion of the $ 2.5 million he took was recovered by the u.s. government and he has spent 40 years helping catch criminals .. he stole $ 2.5 million dollars , $ 2 million of which was recovered .. mr abagnale then spent 40 years working with the fbi
conceding three goals would be embarrassment enough for any goalkeeper , but rob green was forced to suffer even more humiliation at the hands of a ball boy on monday night .. as the clock ticked down during qpr 's 3-3 away draw with aston villa , a cheeky youngster decided to while away a few more seconds by mugging off the former england no 1 with a handmade nutmeg .. the ball boy , who initially shames himself by slipping over while retrieving the ball , toys with green by pretending to hand him the ball back before rolling it between the clearly frustrated 35-year-old 's legs .. the villa ball boy ( front left ) initially slips over while retrieving the ball behind qpr 's goal. the rangers no 1 smiles as he moves to retrieve the ball from the youngster during the 3-3 draw. the cheeky lad decides to embarrass the former england stopper by rolling the ball through his legs. the 35-year-old shows his frustration as the young prankster makes a swift exit. green is no stranger to blooper reel moments , having let clint dempsey 's shot slip through his fingers in the 1-1 draw with usa at the 2010 world cup - a mistake that cost him his place at the tournament .. belgium powerhouse christian benteke ensured the points were shared at villa park by scoring a hat-trick against their his fellow relegation strugglers to move three points clear of the safety zone .. having scored seven goals and taken four points from their last two games in a bid to beat relegation , rangers host premier league leaders chelsea at loftus park on sunday .. the qprv keeper stretches but could not prevent christian benteke from scoring a hat-trick. green congratulates the aston villa forward at the end of the game as qpr strive to beat the drop
memories of drunken escapades may make us blush , but now a computer can use similar facial flushes to recognise people who have had one drink too many .. greek researchers created the algorithm , which determines a person 's state of intoxication by looking at the temperature of their face - especially the forehead and nose .. and they say the technology could one day be installed in cars to spot drink drivers and stop them starting the ignition .. researchers from the university of patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers ' faces , before and after drinking four glasses of wine .. the scientists then used artificial neural networks to compare the sober ( left ) and drunken images ( right ) pixel-by-pixel ( a single pixel is shown above the left eyebrow ). researchers from the university of patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers ' faces , before and after drinking four glasses of wine .. thermographic cameras detect radiation in the infrared range of the spectrum and create images of the radiation , where warm areas are shown red and cooler areas , blue , for example .. many people feel warmer and have hot flushes after drinking alcohol , caused by the drug affecting brain chemistry and the circulatory system .. when alcohol is absorbed into the blood stream it increases heart rate and blood pressure and blood vessels open wide to allow for more rapid flow , which causes some people to flush .. alcohol also affects the hypothalamus , which regulates the body 's temperature .. thermographic cameras detect radiation in the infrared range of the spectrum and create images of the radiation , where warm areas are shown red and cooler areas , blue , for example .. in the study , the researchers found that the temperature of the forehead and to a lesser extent , the nose , is the best indication of a person 's drunken state and built an algorithm to recognise intoxication with 90 % accuracy .. while the alcohol got some volunteers more tipsy than others , they all had a blood alcohol content of at least 50 milligrams of alcohol in every 100 millilitres of blood .. this figure is the drink driving limit in scotland as well as most european countries -- but slightly below the english and welsh limit of 80 milligrams of alcohol per 100 millilitres of blood .. the scientists then used artificial neural networks to compare the sober and drunken images pixel-by-pixel .. they found that the temperature of the forehead , and to a lesser extent the nose , is the best indication of a person 's drunken state and built an algorithm to recognise intoxication with 90 per cent accuracy .. the scientists wrote in the study , published in the journal forensic journal international : ` it was found that it was mainly the face forehead that changed thermal behaviour with alcohol consumption . '. the algorithm worked even on faces that it had n't been trained on , and without comparing them to images of people when they were sober .. many people feel warmer and have hot flushes after drinking alcohol , caused by the drug affecting brain chemistry and the circulatory system .. they found the temperature of the forehead and the nose is the best indication of a person 's drunken state , and built an algorithm to recognise intoxication with 90 % accuracy .. red squares in these images of two drunk people reveal the areas which can be used to discriminate between drunk and sober most effectively. a sober participant 's face is shown left , while the same participant 's face is pictured right after he had been drinking .. the algorithm worked even on faces that it had n't been trained on , and without comparing them to images of people when they were sober. when alcohol is absorbed into the blood stream it increases heart rate and blood pressure and blood vessels open wide to allow for more rapid flow , which causes some people to flush .. alcohol also affects the hypothalamus , which regulates the body 's temperature .. just three hours behind the wheel at night can make motorists drive as badly as if they were drunk , scientists claim .. driver tiredness after a few hours has the same effect as being over the drink-driving limit , a 2011 study revealed .. even two hours of motorway driving in the dark can affect performance so severely it is the same as having a couple of drinks .. it 's estimated that one-fifth of all traffic accidents are due to sleepiness behind the wheel and one in three people admit to nodding off while driving at night .. the researchers hope their technology could be used by the police to spot intoxicated people who might start trouble at football matches , for example and say it could be installed in cars and lorries to spot potential drink drivers .. it could perhaps work in tandem with other technology to stop a car from being able to be driven .. scientists in germany are already working on a way to stop drink drivers getting behind the wheel by analysing their speechm for example .. they announced in december they have created the first library of drunk speech patterns , which could be used to predict drunkenness by listening for vocal cues .. called the alcohol language corpus , the database was made by researchers from ludwig maximilian university of munich and the institute of legal medicine between 2007 and 2009 by giving people too much alcohol to drink , before recording conversations conducted in a stopped car , where the drunk person was sitting in the passenger seat .. there are currently conversations from 162 german men and women in the publicly-available audio database .. while the alcohol got some more tipsy than others , all the volunteers in the study had a blood alcohol content of 50 milligrams of alcohol in every 100 millilitres of blood , which is the drink driving limit in scotland as well as most european countries .. a stock image illustrating drink driving is shown. the researchers hope their technology could be used by the police to spot intoxicated people who might start trouble at football matches , for example and say it could be installed in cars and lorries to spot potential drink drivers .. currently , breathalyzers ( pictured ) are used to measure alcohol content. from this , an algorithm capable of detecting whether someone is drunk by listening in on slurring speech patterns , was created by computer scientists at queens college and columbia university .. they found they could detect drunken speech patterns much like identifying an accent .. drunken speech hallmarks include stammering and stuttering .. voices also tend to rise in pitch and words begin to slur , they said .. it is hoped that the software could be used alongside devices such as locks and immobilisers to make it impossible for people to drive when drunk -- perhaps by asking them a few questions while analysing the driver 's voice .. ` the cars themselves could listen to the driver , detect that the potential driver is intoxicated , and prevent the car from starting , ' the researchers explained .
` double wife killer ' harold henthorn wants to use a $ 1.5 million life insurance pay out from a policy taken out on his second wife to pay for the defense in his trial for her murder .. henthorn was charged with the murder of second wife , toni bertolet , 51 , last november and police have since reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife some 20 years earlier .. both women died in ` freak accidents ' to which henthorn , 59 , was the sole witness .. dr toni jill bertolet plunged 140 ft to her death shortly before their 12th wedding anniversary while hiking with henthorn in a remote stretch of rocky mountain national park , colorado .. first wife , lynn rishell , was crushed to death under henthorn 's jeep when , according to henthorn , the jack gave way as she reached beneath the vehicle for a lug nut while changing a flat tire at night on an isolated highway near the couple 's colorado home .. henthorn was charged with the murder of toni bertolet , 51 , last november and police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife , lynn rishell , some 20 years earlier. lynn rishell - henthorn 's first wife - was crushed to death under the front of henthorn 's jeep when , he told first responders , the jack gave way as she reached under the vehicle for a lug night while changing a flat tire in the dark. in both cases henthorn was the sole beneficiary of the women 's substantial life insurance policies totalling $ 500,000 in the case of his first wife and $ 4.5 million in the case of his second .. now , newly filed documents have revealed that he is fighting for a $ 1.5 million pay out from the policy taken out in july 2001 on the grounds that he needs the money to pay for his attorney for the forthcoming murder trial scheduled to begin next month .. the documents , filed yesterday and seen by daily mail online , are part of a bitter civil case being fought in douglas county .. they note that , just weeks before he is due to stand trial , henthorn is ` focused solely on his own desire to have the insurance proceeds disbursed to himself without any meaningful process . '. they go onto state : ` should henthorn truly be able to substantiate an inability to afford counsel in the criminal matter , those matters are properly addressed in the criminal case pending in this district . '. they point out : ` the colorado supreme court has said : " killers can not receive life insurance proceeds from their victims " and insurers can not disburse proceeds " prematurely " , ... .. when law enforcement is still investigating or a prosecution is pending . '. the next named beneficiary is his nine-year-old daughter with dr bertolet , hayley .. dr bertolet died on 29 september , 2012 .. the autopsy report , dated 18 december 2012 , stated that she ` died as the result of multiple blunt force injuries when she fell or was pushed down a cliff while hiking . '. it concluded , ` homicide can not be excluded . '. but when her husband submitted a claim for the life insurance death benefit policy almost exactly a year later , on september 27 , 2013 he gave her cause of death as ` accidental fall . '. at the time henthorn was unaware that he was already the subject of an fbi investigation that lasted two years and scrutinized every aspect of the widower 's life , culminating in his arrest last november .. but despite facing murder charges henthorn has not relinquished the claim his claim to the substantial insurance pay out on his wife 's death .. shockingly , not only is he fighting for the pay out to fund his own defense , documents filed in a separate motion in march show that he fought his late wife 's family to have funds from dr bertolet 's estate released into his possession .. last february the district court of douglas county , colorado found in dr bertolet 's family 's favor and barred henthorn from accessing his late wife 's estate on the grounds that allowing him to do so posed an ` imminent risk of substantial harm .. to [ its ] financial interests . '. both ` freak accidents ' occurred at remote locations with henthorn the lone witness .. both occurred after about 12 years of marriage and henthorn , pictured here with his first wife , rishell , told wildly varying stories about both deaths .. henthorn and lynn rishell when he was a new geology graduate from virginia .. the couple moved to colorado , where after 12 years of marriage , she died in a ` freak accident ' , now said to be murder. henthorn ( left ) , pictured with grace ( center ) and lynn ( right ) rishell , was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $ 500,000 on the death of his first wife and $ 4.5 million on the death of his second after they both died in what appeared to be freak accident. henthorn attempted to overturn this decision as recently as december and only finally failed when a court denied him access to the funds and demanded that he appoint a forensic accountant to detail the contents of his late wife 's estate .. in march daily mail online revealed that , in 2009 henthorn took out a life insurance policy on his former sister-in-law , grace rishell .. grace was going through a divorce and ` concerned for her financial stability , ' when she initially agreed to henthorn 's suggestion that she take out a policy that would pay $ 50,000 to grace 's brother and each of her four daughters for a total of $ 250,000 .. according to prosecutors in dr bertolet 's murder case , ` the evidence will show that henthorn had a romantic interest in rishell . '. but she had a change of heart in spring 2010 and told the insurance agent to stop the policy from going through .. instead she took out a policy of her own with another insurer .. yet unbeknownst to her , ` her signature was forged to procure the original policy as well , ' with henthorn making payments on the policy until december 2012 and listing himself as the sole beneficiary .. the policy was cancelled in 2013 when the insurer concluded that henthorn had no insurable interest in rishell .. but the very fact of its existence raises the specter that henthorn had rishell in his sights as a third potential victim .. henthorn was denied bail by us district attorney judge kathleen latoyfa who described him as a ` danger ' and said , ` there are rather glaring similarities between the loss of his first wife and the loss of his second . '. she pointed to large sums of money recently transferred by henthorn to his brother as suggestive that he was ` hiding funds . '. henthorn 's trial is scheduled to begin in september .. he has entered a plea of not guilty .
novak djokovic overcame a strong challenge from rafael nadal to reach the monte carlo masters final with a 6-3 , 6-3 win .. the world no 1 , who is bidding to win his third masters title in a row , lost the first two games of the match before battling back to set up a final against sixth seed tomas berdych .. nadal managed an early break but djokovic levelled at 2-2 and broke the spaniard in the eighth game to take a stranglehold on the first set .. novak djokovic celebrates victory over rafael nadal in the semi-final of monte carlo. djokovic overcame his rival 6-3 , 6-3 to reach sunday 's masters final. the second set hinged on an 11-minute game at 3-3 , with nadal surrendering a 40-0 lead to suffer what proved to be the vital break .. nadal will , however , take the positives out of his run to the semi-finals as he struggles to rediscover his spark after a wrist injury and surgery .. as for djokovic , he has lost just two matches in 2015 and yesterday 's triumph in a high-class match was his 16th straight win .. nadal will take the positives out of his run to the semi-finals as he struggles to rediscover his spark. tomas berdych has reached the monte carlo masters final for the first time in his career. earlier , berdych completed a 6-1 , 6-4 victory over gael monfils .. monfils had accounted for roger federer and grigor dimitrov earlier in the tournament , but berdych was unstoppable , winning the first set in just 23 minutes .
when running , a change in the speed of a track on your playlist can throw your pace completely out of sync .. so adidas has partnered with spotify to create an app that tracks your speed and matches music to suit .. called adidas go , the songs are additionally selected based on the runner 's musical interests and listening history and these selections become more relevant the more the app is used .. adidas has partnered with spotify to create an app that tracks your speed and matches music to suit .. called adidas go , the songs are additionally selected based on the runner 's musical interests and listening history and these selections become more relevant the more the app is used. once installed the app uses the phone 's accelerometer to track the user 's stride , it then searches for songs in the spotify library with matching beats per minute .. the app will continue to track and adjust the playlist accordingly , for example if the runner slows down or speeds up .. songs are played in full but users can skip tracks if they want to .. instagram has launched an account called @music that helps people explore songs and albums .. @music will features established artists as well as upcoming singers and bands .. there will be six posts per week , grouped into series including :. #locallysourced : featuring unsigned acts .. #doubletrack : focuses on artists ' interests outside of music. # 15secondlessons : videos on how to perform everything from riffs to drumbeats .. ` for many people having the right music playing while you run can provide the perfect boost of energy to enhance your running experience , ' said adrian leek , general manager of adidas running .. ` adidas go lets your energy level control the music that plays during your run , so you 're always in control .. for the first time , instead of runners listening to music , music will listen to runners . '. the free app also intuitively streams spotify tracks that match the runner 's interests based on their preferred playlists , artists and genres and listening history .. once a workout is complete , users can review and save their distance , time , pace , as well as see which tracks were played .. they can then add these songs to their collection , and share their results on facebook , twitter and instagram .. adidas go is available for ios only via the apple app store , with support for devices from iphone 4s models or later .. once installed the free app uses the phone 's accelerometer to track the user 's stride , it then searches for songs in the spotify library with matching beats per minute .. the app will continue to track and adjust the playlist accordingly , for example if the runner slows down or speeds up. when opening the app for the first time , users enter a seven-day spotify premium trial .. users can either pick workout playlists from their existing preferences or select a proposed adidas playlists .. after the trial expires they can then upgrade to spotify premium or use their local music library to generate the running playlists. when opening the app for the first time , users enter a seven-day spotify premium trial .. users can either pick workout playlists from their existing preferences or select a proposed adidas playlists .. after the trial expires they can then upgrade to spotify premium or use their local music library to generate the running playlists .. spotify premium costs # 9.99 ( $ 9.99 ) a month and comes with offline listening and no adverts .
in recent years , iceland has become an increasingly popular filming location with its majestic vistas being prominently featured in many hit tv series or hollywood blockbusters .. despite the fact that iceland has been used in filming as far back as 1920 , well-known fantasy , sci-fi and action film directors and producers have all descended on the island nation as of late , prompting the quick development of 17 production services companies nationwide .. although the country 's many stunning waterfalls and breathtaking glaciers translate beautifully to the silver screen , there are certain filming locations that consistently rank a cut above and are drawing fans of productions such as game of thrones , interstellar or prometheus .. thingvellir national park provided the location for the north of westeros in game of thrones. fans will likely recognise the national park as the setting of the battle of the hound and brienne. the black volcanic landscapes of svartalfheim provided the filmmakers of thor : the dark world with the perfect otherworldly setting , as outlined in this icelandair infographic .. meanwhile , clint eastwood opted to film battle scenes for both letters from iwo jima and flags of our fathers in iceland -- specifically along the dramatic cliffs of the reykjanes peninsula , just a quick drive from the capital .. scenes from christopher nolan 's epic interstellar were filmed atop the blue ice glacier svinafellsjokull in the skaftafell national park , which is also located near another favoured filming location : iceland 's largest glacier , vatnajokull .. the svinafellsjokull glacier provided a stunning setting for christopher nolan 's epic film , interstellar. interstellar tells the tale of explorers who travel in search of a new planet to sustain the human race. europe 's most powerful waterfall , the dettifoss , was used in the opening scenes of prometheus. in prometheus , the rushing waterfall in the background is meant to help depict the beginning of time. ` interstellar was my second time filming in iceland and it was another worldly experience , ' the director told film in iceland .. ` iceland truly represents the beautiful extremes the nature has to offer . '. not to be left out , ridley scott scouted europe 's most powerful waterfall , the dettifoss , for the opening scenes depicting the beginning of time in prometheus .. and finally , game of thrones enthusiasts will undoubtedly recognise the north of iceland , namely thingvellir national park , from arya 's storyline and as the setting of the battle of the hound and brienne , in the north of westeros .. the jokullsarlon lake , at the foot of the massive massive vatnajokull glacier , is another favoured filming spot
tripoli , libya ( cnn ) smugglers lure arab and african migrants by offering discounts to get onto overcrowded ships if people bring more potential passengers , a cnn investigation has revealed .. a smuggler in the libyan capital of tripoli laid bare the system for loading boats with poor and desperate refugees , during a conversation that a cnn producer secretly filmed .. the conversation , recorded using a mobile phone , exposes the prices and incentives used to gather as many migrants as possible onto ships .. an estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year on the dangerous mediterranean crossing , but still more wait to try to reach europe .. cnn 's producer was introduced to a senegalese and malian smuggler by an intermediary in tripoli , who mistakenly thought she was a syrian looking to bring other syrian refugees with her onto boats to italy .. why i fled : migrants share their stories. the smuggler took her to an unfinished building on the outskirts of tripoli near the city 's many ports , where the migrants they have already found are kept until the crossing is ready .. the building could only be reached by walking down a trash-littered alleyway , and featured a series of packed rooms , separated by curtains , where dozens sat -- well over the 80 migrants she was promised would be in her boat .. the smuggler explained that the " final price " for syrians -- often thought to be richer than their african migrant counterparts -- was $ 1,000 .. he added that for each syrian she brought with her , the producer would get a $ 100 discount .. so if she brought 10 , she could travel free .. he explained how the " discount " was " well known , " suggesting perhaps it was part of the unwritten rules that govern the trade and why so many migrants come to each boat .. any fears about the crossing were supposed to be allayed by the smuggler insisting the boats they used had new motors , and that the senegalese pilot would have a satellite telephone and gps to assist the crossing .. he also assured cnn 's producer , when asked , that if the people became too many , they would use two boats .. pregnant women among migrants trying to cross
it 's not cheap at # 7million but whoever buys this exclusive georgian mansion is buying more than just a home - they 're buying the exact same view depicted in john constable 's # 23million painting salisbury cathedral from the meadows .. the grade i listed walton canonry is on the south side of cathedral close boasts a view of the river avon , backing onto the meadow where john constable took studies for his famous 1831 painting of the cathedral .. the property agents say they 'll need to find someone with deep pockets to buy the 8,147 square foot mansion with 1.6 acres , on the market now for # 6.95 million .. but it 's nothing compared to the # 23.1 million that the tate paid in 2013 for the painting , inspired by oils he painted on many visits to the exclusive area in the 1820s , now on show at the national museum of wales , cardiff .. expensive taste : this historic house in one of britain 's most exclusive postcodes is up for sale for # 6.95 million .. walton canonry has been home to prominent figures of the church and the arts for nearly 300 years but is now on the market with property agent savills. inspiring view : the incredible view of salisbury cathedral from the front of the 18th century home that comes complete with 1.6 acres. work of art : the painting inspired by a view from the meadow that was bought by the tate for 23.1 million in may 2013. built around 1720 , it was named after isaac walton , son of the writer izaak who wrote the compleat angler and lived in the medieval house that occupied the site beforehand .. cathedral close was frequented by constable in the 1820s after his close personal friend , the bishop of salisbury , commissioned him for another painting , salisbury cathedral from the bishop 's grounds .. but he later created the more dramatic painting from the meadow with an ominous sky that many art experts believe reflected the turbulent state of his life at the time .. walton canonry is also known as whistler 's house , because it was home to the prominent 20th century painter rex whistler , who leased the home and featured many local landmarks in his work .. the first freehold owner was lesley macdonagh , one of the city 's top legal figures , who bought it in 2007 for # 3.7 million and after a painstaking renovation , made a # 2.55 million profit when she sold it for # 6.3 million to the current owners who run a charitable foundation .. through the keyhole : this is one of the luxurious rooms in walton cannonry , stylishly decorated in off-white with gold and wood trim. the wood-panelled walls are an insight into the tastes of the wealthy and powerful people throughout history who have lived in this classic home .. among the previous owners are artist rex whistler and author leslie thomas. pristine gardens from the back of the property .. with a water feature , perfectly trimmed hedges and paths arched with brick and trellis , the garden is one of the luxurious home 's best features. the house , which is 8,147 sq ft , has six bedrooms , two kitchens , a drawing room , dining room , study , office , library , media room and wine cellar , as well as a separate guest wing with its own sitting room , kitchen , bedroom and bathroom .. it has spectacular views on both sides - towards the cathedral at the front and at the back the landscaped gardens lead to the river avon and the water meadows beyond .. charles stone from savills , who are selling the property , said the house has a broad appeal , but the new owner will need deep pockets .. he said houses in the close are so popular because you get the best of town and country living .. mr stone added : ` it is quite rare to get a house like this on the market .. there are probably about half a dozen houses of this value in the close .. ` some are still leasehold but a lot of the bigger ones now tend to be freehold .. ` they all tend to front onto the river , which is nice , and a lot of them are very architecturally beautiful , which makes them very popular .. ` but more than anything , what you 're really buying is a slice of town and country .. ` you 've got the benefits of being within the enclave of the beautiful cathedral close but you 're only a moment 's walking distance into the city where you have access to all the amenities .. ` and if you look the other way you 've got beautiful gardens , the river and the water meadows , that 's one of the reasons they are often very sought-after .. ` this particular house is presented in immaculate order , everything is completely up-to-date and renovated , without ruining the character .. ` it has quite a broad appeal - perhaps someone from london , or an ex-pat coming back from abroad .. it could suit someone downsizing from a big estate or appeal to someone with a growing family .. front of house : the extravagant home on the market for # 6.95 million is one of half a dozen in the close with a similar value
atletico madrid striker mario mandzukic is still bruised from a physical champions league quarter-final first leg against real madrid but is expected to be fit for the return at the bernabeu on wednesday , said coach diego simeone .. the croatian suffered a cut to the top of the nose from an elbow by sergio ramos and fellow real defender dani carvajal punched him in the stomach , an incident unseen by the referee , during the clash at the calderon that ended 0-0 .. mandzukic also suffered an ankle injury that forced him to miss saturday 's 2-1 win at deportivo la coruna in la liga but he is now back in training although showing the marks of his encounter with ramos .. mario mandzukic was battered and bruised during atletico madrid 's champions league quarter-final tie. atletico and rivals real madrid drew 0-0 in the first leg which was dominated by second half scraps. ` we had a training session yesterday with two groups where we were making changes and he was fine , ' simeone told a news conference on tuesday .. ` we now have another training session where we expect him to be okay and i will base my plan , which i have fairly clearly in mind , around that . '. mandzukic is favourite , ahead of fernando torres , to play in attack alongside antoine griezmann who took his time to settle in at atletico but is now in a rich vein of form .. ` he has developed a lot since he arrived and the goals that he has scored in la liga show that , ' said simeone .. france international griezmann hit both goals against deportivo and has 20 in la liga .. ` he has adapted to a new position very well and is starting to show his potential .. he is still young and he can improve but he is on the right lines to do that , ' added simeone .. blood pours from mandzukic 's face during the champions league quarter-final first leg in madrid. but atletico manager diego simeone says mandzukic should be fit for the second leg clash on wednesday
a mother-of-one has revealed how she overcame anorexia and depression by becoming a bodybuilder .. kira hollis was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago after a lengthy battle with depression and body dysmorphia .. she had been self-harming and experienced from aggressive outbursts - and at just 6st , she was deemed clinically underweight .. kira hollis weighed just 6st at the time doctors diagnosed her with borderline personality disorder ( left ) .. now a healthy 9.5 st ( right ) , she reveals how bodybuilding gave her the confidence to overcome depression. doctors had ordered the 27-year-old , from tamworth , staffordshire , to go to the gym to gain some weight. the 27-year-old , from tamworth , staffordshire , was ordered by doctors to go to the gym in a bid to gain some weight .. there , she turned her life around and is now a personal trainer .. now a healthy 9.5 st , ms hollis says bodybuilding changed her life and gave her the confidence to overcome her depression .. she said : ` doctors pushed me to go the gym so i could put weight on but it did so much more than that .. ` it was something to focus on : for the first time in my life i had a real hobby .. working out has completely changed my life .. it 's given me focus and purpose .. ms hollis says her six-year-old daughter olivia ( pictured together ) also helped her with her recovery. ms hollis was also helped by the cherry orchard clinic in tamworth and medication from her doctor. ` i 'm still on medication but i could n't be happier .. i work hard , i 've got a lovely little girl and a wonderful boyfriend . '. ms hollis 's six-year-old daughter olivia has been a huge help in her recovery as well as her boyfriend michael dennis , 27 , has supported the pair after olivia 's father left shortly after ms hollis found out she was pregnant .. she said : ` it was a really difficult time for me and my family .. i was a mess and i was lashing out at myself but i 've come a long way since then . '. ` olivia 's been an absolute star .. having her around changed my mind-set and made me realise life was n't just about me .. ` it gave me a bit of perspective and looking after her had to take priority . '. ms hollis was also helped by the cherry orchard clinic in tamworth and medication from her doctor .. ms hollis ( pictured around the time of her diagnosis ) said : ` i 'm still on medication but i could n't be happier '. ms hollis , a former model , started a college course in gym instruction after she started visiting the fitness hub in tamworth three years ago. the former model started a college course in gym instruction after she started visiting the fitness hub in tamworth three years ago .. and her story went viral after she uploaded a video online , which has now been more than two million times .. she said : ` it 's been amazing , and so many people have been sharing their story .. ` people from all over the world have seen it , from australia , america , new zealand and spain .. it has been really heart-warming to see so many people affected by it . '. ms hollis , who recently won a bronze medal at a regional strongest woman competition , has also set up a facebook support group for people with mental illness to share her experience .
the vatican are training up ordinary doctors , teachers and psychologists to cope with a rising tide of demonic possessions .. more than 40 years after the exorcist left cinema audiences green , the vatican has gathered a team of experts including practising exorcists to give ordinary catholics the tools needed to recognise a case of demonic possession when they see one -- and teach them what to do about it .. the tenth edition of the annual course , ` exorcism and prayer of liberation , ' sponsored by the vatican congregation for the clergy , the department responsible for overseeing matters regarding priests , began this morning at rome 's regina apostolorum university .. more than 40 years after the exorcist ( pictured ) left cinema audiences green , the vatican are training up ordinary doctors , teachers and psychologists to cope with a rising tide of demonic possessions. one of the main purposes of the course is help would-be exorcists distinguish demonic possession from psychological or medical conditions , organisers said .. in 2013 francis appeared to perform an exorcism on a young man in a wheelchair who shook violently when the pope laid his hands on him and said a blessing .. he has frequently expressed the belief that the devil really exists and is not merely ` a myth , a figure , an idea , the idea of evil . '. experts say demonic activity is on the rise due to an in creased interest in the occult among the young including ouija boards and seances .. last year the international association of exorcists claimed it was ` a pastoral emergency . ". in 2013 , pope francis ( pictured ( appeared to perform an exorcism on a young man in a wheelchair. the vatican tried to introduce holyween , where children would dress up as saints and attend prayer vigils instead of halloween .. father pedro barrajon , director of the sacerdos institute , which is organising the course said ` living in an increasingly secularised society than in the past there is more tendency to open the door to the occult .. demonic activity is increased by the practice of magic and visiting fortune tellers which can increase the likelihood of a possession ' .
a high-level ministerial briefing exclusively obtained by daily mail australia reveals an ` unprecedented ' number of australians could face the death penalty in china for drug smuggling .. the revelation follows widespread public anger at indonesia 's executions of australian nationals myuran sukumaran and andrew chan despite the pleas of the federal government .. it also comes as one of the few australians known to be facing death row in china - sydney man peter gardner - had his case pushed forward by six months .. ` the number and seriousness of current cases of australians potentially facing the death penalty in china is unprecedented , ' said the department of foreign affairs and trade document , which was dated december 2 , 2014 .. chinese authorities have said that eleven australians were apprehended on suspected drug smuggling charges in guangzhou alone in 2014 - a crime punishable by death .. australian citizen ibrahim jalloh ( pictured ) is reportedly facing drugs charges in guangzhou province. peter gardner ( left ) and kalynda davis ( right ) were apprehended in guangzhou .. davis was allowed to go free when charges were withdrawn but gardner 's case has been brought forward by six months. jockey anthony roger bannister ( pictured ) was charged with importing 3kg of methamphetamine. the exact number facing possible death sentences was redacted in the briefing , obtained under freedom of information laws , which added : ` none of those detained was born in china or is a former chinese national .. ` all were arrested for drug-related offences ' .. the document said consular assistance was provided to the australians , including monitoring developments , prisoner welfare visits , and keeping in contact with family or nominated contacts .. other possible steps appeared to be redacted .. chinese prosecutors are reportedly seeking the death penalty against jockey anthony roger bannister , 43 , from adelaide , who was charged with allegedly attempting to smuggle 3kg of methamphetamine from guangzhou to australia .. another citizen , ibrahim jalloh and his friend bengali sherrif were arrested at guangzhou airport in july over alleged drug crimes .. sherrif is reported to have been granted a suspended death sentence and jalloh has not yet faced trial , according to the abc .. other names have not been released .. many of those facing death row were trying to import or export the drug ` ice ' into or out of guangzhou .. pictured above is guangzhou international airport. the confidential dfat briefing concerned gardner and his then-girlfriend , penrith woman kalynda davis .. ms davis was freed without charge following a traumatic month in a chinese prison last year where she was forced to crop her hair short .. the pair had met on tinder .. ms davis 's friends realised something was wrong when she failed to appear as a bridesmaid at a friend 's wedding in early november .. the file also revealed the importance the government placed in not speaking publicly about her case at the time of her imprisonment .. ` given the timing of the investigative period and the possible death penalty involved , ' dfat asked that ` no information about this case be disclosed . '. authorities alleged gardner tried to smuggle 30kg of methamphetamine out of china to australia .. when ms davis returned to sydney , her father revealed she was cleared by chinese authorities because she had carry-on luggage only. rose kulak , death penalty campaigner for amnesty international , told daily mail australia : ` china executes more people than the rest of the world combined . '. ` with a 99 per cent conviction rate in china , once you are sentences to death , it is a very precarious situation you are in , ' ms kulak said .. approximately 8 per cent of all recorded executions in china last year were carried out for drug-related crimes , amnesty said .. the gardner family has requested privacy and wo n't comment to the media while the case proceeds .. a spokeswoman for the foreign minister was approached for comment but was unavailable to respond by daily mail australia 's deadline .. a spokesman for opposition foreign affairs spokeswoman tanya plibersek said australia should lead efforts against the death penalty , ` in particular working with the united nations ' .. sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .
an african american teenager who was shot by a police officer in the back because his friend was holding a toy gun is suing los angeles for $ 20 million .. jamar nicholson , 15 , and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in south l.a. before school on february 10 when two police officers working for the lapd 's criminal gang-homicide unit approached the boys with their guns drawn .. the la times reports that one of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire .. suing la for millions : jamar nicholson ( left ) and his friend jason huerta ( right ) , who stand solemnly in the alleyway where nicholson was shot , are suing the city of los angeles for $ 20 million. nicholson was shot in the back by officer miguel gutierrez and is in pain but he says he and his friends feel lucky to be alive .. nicholson was standing next to the unidentified teenager who was holding the replica of the gun .. ` jamar is really lucky to be alive .. with respect to the other kids , they are lucky as well that they were n't hit .. it does n't appear that the officer who shot used a lot of discrimination with where he aimed the pistol , ' jamar 's attorney herbert hayden told yahoo news .. the gun that officers thought was real had an orange tip indicating that it was fake .. another attorney john w. harris who is representing nicholson and his friend 17-year-old jason huerta is arguing that nicholson and his friend posed no threat to police officers or themselves .. ` the lapd shot first and then asked questions later , ' harris said .. the lapd says that at 7.45 am on february 10 , officers saw a teen holding what appeared to be a gun and they claim they told him to drop it .. : one of the teens present at the shooting was holding this fake gun with an orange tip that lapd say they thought was real. ` officers ordered him to drop the weapon multiple times .. the individual ignored the officer 's commands , ' a police news release reads .. attorney hayden said that had a camera been rolling , the lapd 's story may have been expressed differently .. ` the police department 's officers have each other 's backs .. if there is no camera rolling , they are free to construe the facts how they see fit , ' hayden said .. ` it 's so bizarre in this incident that testimony of the people we interviewed is so drastically different from the story the lapd has been pumping out since this first started , ' he added .. hayden said that the officer who shot nicholson , miguel gutierrez , also shot and killed a dog in 2008 when responding to a traffic collision .. both nicholson and huerta said they feel traumatized by what happened to them .. seeking justice : jamar nicholson , second from left , listens to his attorney john harris speak during a press conference on wednesday in south los angeles where he was shot on february 10. nicholson said he had to miss school as a result of the shooting and said that he felt tremendous pain from his injuries . '. i see a cop and i get nervous , ' he said .. ` i 've never really looked at police in a certain way , until that day . '. nicholson and huerta say they have never been in trouble with the law before .. ` you can check our records , ' huerta insisted .. ` that 's a bad way to meet officers , ' nicholson said .. ` got off on the wrong foot , ' huerta said .. officer gutierrez has returned to full duty since the incident , though it remains under investigation .
the idea of a device that constantly keeps an eye on your home and can tell you which electrical devices are running at any one time , may sound appealing when it comes to saving energy and money .. now there 's a device called neurio that claims to make any ` ordinary home smart ' and even tells you when you 've accidently left lights on .. the $ 250 ( # 168 ) device recognises the electronic signature of different devices - such as kettles and washing machines - allowing users to keep an eye on their energy consumption and even control appliances through their phone .. one device to rule them all : a $ 250 ( # 168 ) device called neurio ( pictured ) claims to make ` an ordinary home smart ' .. it recognises the electronic signature of different devices , such as kettles and washing machines , allowing users to keep an eye on their energy consumption and even control appliances through their phone. ` we are trying to create one sensor that can make every home smart , ' ali kashani , co-founder of neurio told fast company .. ` it creates that intelligence for all of the dumb products that are already in your home and that you do n't want to replace . '. its website says : ` using a wi-fi power sensor and a cloud service with some smart pattern detection algorithms , neurio monitors your home 's electricity to figure out what your appliances are up to - without the need to install sensors on every device . '. neurio feeds information about energy consumption of the devices it 's recognised back to an app , where users can make decisions about how to save power and money by turning gadgets off , for instance .. these screenshots show the home screen ( left ) , appliances recognised ( centre ) and usage for one day ( right ). the neurio sensor is plugged into the house 's breaker panel , or circuit box .. it measures both differential voltage and current signals every split second and these signals are used to calculate power and energy consumption .. the measurements are sent to the neurio cloud where algorithms identify appliances and behaviours based on unique electronic signals .. when the algorithms detect that a device has been turned on or off , or a user returning home , they notify the neurio app and services such as ifttt which allows devices to be controlled from smartphones .. the app , which is available for ios and android phones and tablets , gives users real-time feedback about their home .. it tells them which appliances are greedily consuming energy , for example .. the device plugs into a breaker box , or circuit box in a house where it gradually learns to recognise the electric ` signature ' of different gadgets and appliances .. users can train neurio to recognise a light bulb for example , by flicking a light on and off to tell the accompanying app what to detect .. alternatively , an algorithm allows it to learn for itself based on crowdsourced information , to tell it what a microwave 's signature looks like , for example .. neurio feeds information about energy consumption of the devices it 's recognised back to an app , where users can make decisions about how to save power and money by turning gadgets off , for instance .. ` it you will even gently nag you if you forget to turn off the lights before going to bed , ' the website says .. ` ... some customers have saved as much as 44 per cent on their energy usage . '. because it monitors the home around the clock , neurio can give owners peace of mind if they think they have left their oven switched on , for example .. the device monitors a home around the clock so it can tell users if they have left their oven on , if their washing is finished and if the water is cold ( all illustrated ) .. when used with another app , neurio can be used to turn appliances and household devices on and off remotely. it can also be used to keep an eye on inhabitants , by showing if relatives are eating regularly or if children are spending too long watching television , for example .. the device can send reminders to take washing out of the machine when the cycle is complete , for example .. and it also allows users to control home appliances remotely by using apps such as ifttt , to start a washing machine while they are out , for example .. neurio is open platform so it can work with smart devices such as the nest thermostat too .
ousamn jatta , 45 , ( right ) took wife beryl , 88 , ( centre ) to a care home while he went to africa for three weeks but when he returned was not allowed to take her home with him. an african husband who took his elderly british wife to a care home for respite while he went to gambia is threatening to go on hunger strike after she was not allowed to return to him .. ousman jatta , 45 , married wife beryl , 88 , in gambia 13 years ago and moved back to the uk with her when she became ill with dementia in 2006 .. mr jatta , who is his wife 's carer , had taken her to a care home in february while he returned to africa for three weeks .. but when he went to pick her up he was told social services had intervened and ruled she could not go home with him .. mr jatta had threatened to go on hunger strike unless bristol city council hand over his wife , who he says has pleaded to return home to her husband .. ` they have used their power against me to keep my wife in a nursing home against her and my wishes , ' said the supermarket security worker . '. i care for her better than anyone and i feel very sad .. ` every time i go to the gambia i contact social services for respite , but they never told me they were going to keep my wife .. ` to me beryl is not old , she is a human being and no matter if she is old or young she is my wife . '. i would never neglect beryl .. i 'm feeling bad to see her in a nursing home whilst i am ready to look after my own wife .. ` as soon as i came to this country i 'm looking after her and nothing has happened to her . '. i do n't say that the nursing home is bad but to me the belief i have is that you take a person to a home if that person has no-one to look after her but as far as beryl is concerned , i am ready to look after her until god finalises . '. retired shop worker mrs jatta moved to the gambia more than 17 years ago and met mr jatta when he helped translate for her in a local shop .. the pair became firm friends and dated for four years before they got married in 2002 .. but they were forced to come back to the uk when mrs jatta fell ill and doctors advised the mother-of-two that she would get better treatment at her home in bristol .. mr jatta became her primary carer along with local authority carers who visit during the day while he is at work .. mr jatta featured in promotional material for bristol city council but is now at odds with the local authority over the way he feels he and his wife have been treated. he booked her in for respite care at avon lodge care centre in bristol while he went on a break to the gambia on february 5 , telling him he would be back in three weeks .. but when he called on february 27 to say he would pick her up the next day , he was told he could n't collect her and had to telephone social workers for more information . '. i asked why and they said " contact social services " , ' he said .. ` it was a weekend so i called social services on monday morning and the only thing they told me was they thought i was tired and this and that and that i had left her .. mr jatta had threatened to go on hunger strike unless bristol city council hand over his wife , who he says has pleaded to return home to her husband '. i have said in the past that i am tired and that some time in the future i might need to leave her , but i have never abandoned beryl . '. i have access to her when i go to the nursing home to see beryl but as far as i 'm concerned it 's not the best place for her to be . '. i promised to myself and to god i shall never let her down .. beryl is my first priority . '. i am used to beryl - we are used to each other .. ` when i finish work at 10 o'clock she will not go to bed and tells her carers she is waiting for her husband . '. a legal expert who specialises in health and welfare said social workers do not have the power to keep someone against their will .. ` they do n't have that over-riding say , ' said fiona mcghie from irwin mitchell .. ` they can form a view and put forward a view of what they think might be in someone 's best interested , which may or may not be the same as the family members .. ` but ultimately there there 's a dispute it needs to go to the court of protection , as nobody has got that tight to make a decision either way .. ` it does n't matter how well motivated these decisions or those views are , the rule is for the court to make that final decision . '. the authority says it has now agreed an ` appropriate care plan ' , and are understood to be in discussion with mr jatta over the future of his wife 's care - but she is currently still in a home .. mr jatta is confident the council will relent and allow his wife to leave , but is angry at the how he and his wife have been treated .. a spokesman for bristol city council said : ` we have been in regular contact with mr jatta over a period of time regarding his wife 's care and are pleased to have agreed an appropriate care plan with him which puts the best interests of mrs jatta first . '
kurt ludwigsen is facing 94 sex-related charges. a women 's college softball coach who was fired from his job at a christian school in new york last month has been arrested and charged with nearly 100 sex-related offenses .. kurt ludwigsen , 43 , is accused of kissing , harassing and touching 13 of his players during his time at nyack college .. he is facing 44 counts of forcible touching of another 's sexual parts , 49 counts of harassment involving unwanted physical contact and one count of sexual abuse .. ludwigsen was hired by the school in september and police were told he started behaving inappropriately towards his players in october , the journal news reported .. south nyack-grand view police chief brent newbury said : ` the parents thought something inappropriate was going on with the coach .. ` this is something we do n't normally expect to see at nyack college , or any college , but specifically nyack college because of its missionary background .. ` while we 're fortunate nothing really really serious happened , this is bad enough . '. ludwigsen , who has children aged 15 and 12 , lives with his family in ridgewood , new jersey .. this would have been his first season as coach .. ludwigsen , 43 , is accused of kissing , harassing and touching 13 of his players during his time at nyack college. after ludwigsen was hired , nyack 's athletics director said the school 's softball program was ` in good hands '. after the university of arizona graduate was hired to coach the lady warriors , nyack athletics director keith davie said : ` we are very excited to add kurt to the athletics staff of nyack college .. ` the softball program is in good hands and we are excited about the direction that coach ludwigsen will be going .. ` the lady warriors softball program will become a solid competitor in the central atlantic collegiate conference in a very short time . '. the fired coach is being held on $ 15,000 bail in rockland county jail and will appear in court on monday .. the career coach has more than 20 years of experience .. in an introductory video made after his hiring , ludwigsen said : ` i 'm looking forward to learning about all of your old traditions and maybe introducing some new ones . '. the coach added he was looking forward to bringing some of his ` winning ways ' to nyack .. nyack was founded in manhattan in 1882 .. it has one campus in nyack , new york and another in manhattan ,. most of the school 's 3,400 students come from nyc 's five boroughs or just outside the city .. nyack was founded in manhattan in 1882 and the christian school has another campus in nyack , new york
at least one is dead after a powerful storm capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta , and crews searched late on saturday for at least four people missing in the waters , the coast guard said .. the storm rolled through the area about 4 p.m. and a man was plucked from the waters by the coast guard around 9 p.m. , petty officer carlos vega said .. he said crews would search through the night .. ` we knew we were totally lost at sea , ' said regatta participant rhonda morgan gilreath , right , shown with her boyfriend randy rutledge of rome georgia on saturday. dauphin island regatta sailors gather near their docked sailboats on saturday , april 25 , 2015 , in dauphin island , alabama where coast guard officials said they responded to a report of multiple capsized vessels. more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people were participating in the dauphin island regatta in mobile bay .. dauphin island mayor jeff collier told al.com that at least one person was confirmed dead , but he did not know the cause .. ` it 's been a very tragic day , ' michael smith , with the buccaneer yacht club , told wsfa-tv .. ` we 've had a lot of breakage , missing people , fatalities . '. susan kangal , who was on a boat , told wsfa it was the worst storm that she has seen .. ` we were probably an inch from capsizing ; everybody was ready to jump .. i did n't have a life jacket on , ' she said .. the boats were part of the 57th iteration of the race .. scattered boats : ` they were scattered anywhere from dauphin island bridge all the way out into mobile bay and across to fort morgan .. it was a wide area , ' said dauphin island mayor jeff collier. feeling blessed : well-wishers congratulate regatta participant robert luiten of mobile , alabama , in blue shirt , on word that his son , leonard luiten , was found several hours after their boat capsized in a storm on saturday. ` apparently there were a number of vessels that became distressed , either capsized or what have you , ' the mayor said .. ` they were scattered anywhere from dauphin island bridge all the way out into mobile bay and across to fort morgan .. it was a wide area , ' said dauphin island mayor jeff collier .. al.com reports that richard mather , 52 , of mobile , was aboard a 39-foot o'day sailboat along with seven people , when he saw two boats collide .. he said that they expected thunderstorms but not as severe as they were .. ` but we were not prepared for a gale , ' mather said , ` which is almost like a 30-minute hurricane . '. mather was n't in the race and was able to pull three people onto his vessel about two miles north of the dauphin island bridge .. he said the boaters seemed extremely tired but none of them were injured .. ` they were exhausted but they were fine , ' he said .. ` their boats sunk so fast that they did n't have time to grab life preservers . '
an indian salesman is facing seven years in prison and a fine of up to one million dirham - around # 186,000 - for allegedly cursing islam and the prophet mohammad on facebook .. the 41-year-old man - identified only by his initials s.g. - is said to have posted a ` blasphemous ' status on his facebook page after watching a news bulletin about the war in iraq on television last july .. if found guilty , the suspect could face up to seven years in jail , a fine of between dh250 ,000 to dh1 million , or both .. the indian salesman faces imprisonment after he allegedly shared a ` blasphemous ' status on his facebook page .. he told police he was sent the image over whatsapp , but allegedly then admitted to posting the status. the 41-year-old is accused by the prosecution of posting the derogatory statements about islam and the prophet mohammad after watching a news item about the iraq war , pictured , in july last year. lawyers for the prosecution said the man abused the social media network - namely facebook - and the telephone communication system by cursing the prophet and islam , according to gulf news .. they are now looking for the toughest punishment possible under the country 's cyber-crime laws .. islam is the official religion of the united arab emirates , and committing blasphemy is considered deeply offensive .. authorities in the country routinely censor newspapers and books that they consider contain blasphemous statements or anything critical of islam .. in the latest case , the accused salesman claimed he received the offending image over whatsapp while he was at home. he then complained to police that he had receiving the image - but is reported to have later admitted to prosecutors that he was the one who posted the status on facebook .. the indian employee , known only by his initials s.g. , failed to attend the hearing at the dubai court of first instance on monday .. the united arab emirates treats blasphemy as a serious criminal offence. the defendant apparently told prosecutors that he wrote the ` blasphemous ' curses after watching video footage about the way in iraq .. his iphone was seized and sent to a laboratory for forensic examination , and lawyers said the mobile was registered to the indian man 's name .. the accused failed to attend the dubat court of first instance on monday , and presiding judge abdul lat adjourned the case until the next hearing on april 27 .. in 2011 british tourist andrew graham ended up in court in dubai after he called the islamic prophet mohammad a ` terrorist ' during an argument in a shopping centre .
a busy town centre was brought to a standstill this afternoon after a mysterious 15-foot sinkhole opened up in the road without warning - almost swallowing a number of cars in the process .. motorists had to swerve out of the way of the giant hole after it appeared on the residential earl street in northampton at around 2pm , just hours after part of a london pavement collapsed , swallowing a pedestrian .. shocking pictures show the gaping chasm - which was around eight foot ( 2.4 metres ) wide - with a section of surrounding road also looking on the verge of collapse .. enormous : the hole opened up on earl street , northampton , at about 2pm on thursday. blocked : police quickly sealed off the road to avoid anyone falling into the hole , which is about eight foot wide. police quickly closed off earl street , causing traffic chaos and leaving locals without water following damage to a water main .. a barmaid from the charles bradlaugh pub , opposite the hole , who did not wish to be named , said : ` we saw it from inside the pub .. it just collapsed but it gave way really slowly .. i am not at all sure why it happened .. it was really strange . '. eyewitness matthew green , 24 , was in the pub when he heard a loud bang .. he said : ' i was just having a drink with my mate when there was this loud crashing noise . '. i thought there had been an accident but when i went outside , i saw the road had collapsed .. ` the hole is massive .. it must nearly cover half of the width of the whole road .. ` police were here pretty quick but cars had to swerve out of the way until we went out and stopped them. it is like something you would see in a disaster movie . '. gradual : one eyewitness said the road ` gave way really slowly ' as people watched on. unbelievable : another person watching it collapse was ` like something you would see in a disaster movie '. van driver chris williams , 30 , who was stuck in the traffic which backed as a result of the hole , added : ' i could n't believe it .. ` there was loads of traffic .. it backed up for a good few miles . '. he added : ` it was very inconvenient . '. a northamptonshire police spokesman said the incident had been handed over to anglian water from the highways authority and they were no longer involved .. an anglian water spokesman added : ` we are still working to get the problem resolved .. ` we do not yet know what caused it but fortunately nobody was injured .. ` there were six properties without water in the area and it could be days or a couple of weeks until the road is reopened . '. coincidence : the five foot wide by two and a half foot long hole which suddenly appeared in london today. meanwhile , investigations are continuing into how the pavement outside a cafe in fulham , south-west london , came to collapse at about 8.50 am .. a woman , said to be in her 40s , had to be hospitalised after she fell through the hole into the basement of a cafe .. passers-by reported hearing a loud scream before the woman fell into the gap and early reports suggested she had been pushing a pram - although it 's now thought it was a shopping trolley .. hammersmith & fulham council said that it is investigating claims that the cafe owner raised the issue with the council two months ago and the causes of the collapse .. a council spokeswoman added : ` the council 's structural engineer has carried out an initial investigation of the basement collapse in north end road and secured the site .. ` the freeholder of the property is legally responsible for the structural integrity of their basement but we are carrying out a full review of what 's happened and will ensure the site is made safe and all necessary actions are taken once we have a full understanding of how this occurred . '
the body of a newborn baby was discovered hidden in a cubicle inside a michigan office building after police say the mother had secretly given birth in the bathroom and then returned to her seat to resume her work .. staff at ceva logistics in the 24400 block of glendale avenue in redford reportedly had no idea their co-worker had been pregnant until tuesday morning .. police confirmed that the 26-year-old woman , who has not been named , delivered a baby that was later pronounced dead .. workplace delivery : a 26-year-old employee at ceva logistics in michigan secretly delivered a baby in a bathroom stall at work , stuffed the newborn inside her bag and resumed her duties. fox 2 reported that employees at ceva logistics , an international company specializing in freight shipping , heard moaning coming from a bathroom stall at around 10am tuesday .. not long after , staffers entered the restroom and discovered blood all over a stall .. the ceva employees returned to the office asking their co-workers if everyone was ok , but one woman seating in a cubicle remained silent .. police were called to the office and found that the 26-year-old worker had blood on her clothes , but there was no sign of a baby .. when officers searched her work space , they discovered a newborn 's lifeless body stuffed inside her bag and hidden beneath her desk .. the mother and baby were taken to a local hospital , where the child was pronounced dead .. the unnamed mother was reportedly a tempt working at ceva logistics - an international company specializing in freight shipping. an autopsy has since been performed on the deceased infant , but lt david holt told daily mail online they are waiting for a medical examiner to determine a cause of death , which could take up to several weeks .. it remains unknown at this time whether the baby was born alive , or whether the death was a homicide .. as of thursday afternoon , the 26-year-old mother has not been arrested .. ceva logistics director ken l'heureux told detroit free press the employee worked for a temp agency and had previously told colleagues she was not expecting .
a man who dresses as the cookie monster to greet visitors to new york 's times square was arrested for allegedly groping a teenager .. ranulfo perez , 48 , was arrested by police after he allegedly groped the breasts of a 16-year-old girl who was outside a toys r us store as she was shown round with her tour group .. however he was later released by the manhattan district attorney over concerns that the teenager lost sight of her attacker and could not be sure it was perez .. the incident is the latest involving people dressed up as costumed characters in times square , amid claims of sexual harassment and disorder .. a man who dresses as the cookie monster and greets visitors to times square was arrested for allegedly groping a 16-year-old and then freed after police could not be sure it was him .. officials said the number of costumed characters in the area , like those pictured , are becoming an increasing problem in new york. the girl had claimed she was grabbed in a hug by a man dressed as the cookie monster who then touched her breasts .. perez was arrested at the scene , and charged with forcible touching in a manner injurious to a child less than 17 , as well as second degree harassment , gothamist reported .. the incident took place at about 5.30 pm on sunday .. he was released on tuesday morning as police confirmed they would not be prosecuting the case .. the teenage girl , who was visiting from winsconsin , told the new york post : ' i am beyond upset about it .. my level of anger right now is n't just about being molested .. the fact that the manhattan da is 100 percent ok with it is utterly disgusting . '. perez told the newspaper that officers , who arrested him on monday , had got the wrong cookie monster .. he said : ' i love people and i love children ... it could have been anyone else , but not me . '. in recent years there has been a rise in the number of people dressing up in costumes as characters from popular television shows in times square , leading to calls for them to be regulated and forced to apply for a licence costing $ 175 .. in 2012 a man dressed as elmo was arrested in times square following a loud verbal exchange. rosa sanchez , 36 , pictured here dressed as elmo , was arrested for aggressive panhandling. costumed characters are a regular appearance in times square , with a number demanding tips. the characters are becoming renowned for causing disturbances in their interaction with members of the public and a crackdown on the issue has been dubbed operation sesame street .. police have recently been distributing flyers reminding people that they do not have to pay to pose with the characters , following a number of incidents .. almost 20 costumed characters were arrested last year for a catalogue of offences .. a man who dresses as elmo from sesame street has been arrested several times for disorderly conduct for making anti-semitic remarks to passersby .. last year rosa sanchez , 36 , from new jersey , was taken into custody tuesday for allegedly demanding tips in an aggressive manner from passersby while dressed as elmo .. more people are dressing up as the cookie monster ( left ) , woody from toy story ( centre ) and elmo ( right ). also in 2014 a man dressed as toy story hero woody was arrested after he was accused of sexually assaulting a woman by grabbing her buttocks .. several other costumed panhandlers were also arrested - in july , a man dressed as spider-man was charged with punching a police officer who intervened in a tipping dispute with a tourist .. three more men dressed as spider-man , iron man and elmo were arrested that same weekend and charged with disorderly conduct for obstructing pedestrian traffic .. in 2013 a different man dressed as the cookie monster was held by police over claims he had shoved a toddler .
daniel sturridge is well-known for showing off his dance moves , but the striker 's shapes were no match for a young liverpool fan .. the reds frontman was challenged to a dance-off by kop kids presenter paisley back in february and duly obliged only to be left red-faced by the talented youngster .. before the pair showed each other their moves , paisley sat down with the former chelsea man to ask him how important dancing and music is in his lift .. daniel sturridge poses with kop kids presenter paisley ahead of their dance-off in february. the pair shake hands before sitting down for a quick interview before showing off their moves. ` dancing is more from my childhood , ' said sturridge . '. i always used to dance .. where i grew up was a caribbean area , so dancing was a huge part of my upbringing and music was exactly the same . '. i listen to music before every game but it 's the dependent on the mood i 'm in and what kind of vibe i want to get into .. the 25-year-old then revealed that he was n't a fan of pop group one direction despite posting a picture of himself with band member louis tomlinson in march .. he added : ` i 'm not a 1d kind of guy .. i 'm not a fan of them , i 'm a fan of their story .. it shows anything in life is possible . '. the liverpool frontman throws some shapes after being challenged by the young liverpool fans. the 25-year-old tried his best but looked slightly less confident away from the anfield pitch. the former chelsea striker hinted that this move called ` feed the ducks ' could be his next celebration. renowned for being one of the world 's best young hip-hop dancers , paisley wasted no time in showing off her trademark moves while sturridge attempted a few of his own including his signature goal celebration moves .. despite failing to get the better of paisley , sturridge did hint that his next goal celebration would be a new move called ` feed the ducks ' .. he joked : ` this is my next thing .. you 're going to see this .. it 's called feed the ducks . '. kop kids presenter and renowned hip-hop dance paisley shows sturridge how it 's done. sturridge looks concerned as he realises his moves do n't quite match up to paisley 's. sturridge has played only twice since suffering a hip injury against manchester united on march 22
these days , gazza is a celebrity associated with tears , and battles against drink and depression .. but , nearly a quarter of a century ago , paul gascoigne was just a footballer .. not an ordinary footballer - he was a brilliantly talented maverick , but still a footballer .. and 24 years ago today , he scored what was arguably the finest goal of his career .. there are some who might say it was the finest goal ever scored at wembley .. the other main contender for that prize is probably another of his , for england against scotland at euro 96 .. paul gascoigne hits the 35-yard free-kick that would cement his place in tottenham legend. the spurs midfielder struck a ferocious shot that has gone down as one of the all-time great goals at wembley. gascoigne 's goal came five minutes into an fa cup semi-final against tottenham 's arch-rivals , arsenal. gunners goalkeeper david seaman ( right ) got his hands to the ball but the power on gascoigne 's shot still beat him. but april 14 , 1991 was fa cup semi-final day .. fierce rivals battling it out for a place in the final when the oldest cup competition in football meant so much to every club that entered .. arsenal won the league that year .. but had you asked their fans at wembley that day whether they would rather win the title or the fa cup having knocked out spurs , and many would have opted for the latter .. they did n't get the choice , however , and that was because of gascoigne .. it took him just five minutes to make the indelible mark .. tottenham won a free-kick 35 yards from goal .. certainly not barry davies , who was commentating on the game for the bbc .. gascoigne runs towards the spurs fans to celebrate as vinny samways ( left ) joins the wild scenes. the then england star leaps into the air to celebrate his glorious strike at the home of football. gascoigne 's goal set spurs on their way to a 3-1 victory , and they would go on to beat nottingham forest in the final. ` is gascoigne going to have a crack ?. it was a relaxed , throwaway question .. ` he is you know , ' came the next line shortly after , excitement barely registering .. gascoigne took a run-up at the ball , and swung hard with his right boot .. he nailed it , right on the sweet spot .. the shot quickly became a cannonball , bursting through david seaman 's gloves and into the top corner of the net , despite the goalkeeper getting his hands to the ball .. ` oh i say ! '. screamed davies , whose commentary would now go down in legend as well as the goal .. spurs fans celebrated wildly in the stands .. ` that ... is ... schoolboy 's own stuff .. oh , i bet even he ca n't believe it .. ` is there anything left from this man to surprise us ?. that is one of the finest free-kicks this stadium has ever seen . '. it was , and still is .. 24 years from now it still will be .. so let 's forget for a moment about the gazza we know today , and simply celebrate the genius of paul gascoigne .. ( left-right ) david howells , steve sedgley , justin edinburgh and paul stewart join gascoigne to celebrate at the end of the match
there is a problem with england 's top order and it is not an easy one to solve .. do n't get me wrong .. england 's top three are exceptional players but the issue is that they are very one-paced and when the west indies bowling was so disciplined , that became a problem on the first morning of the first test .. it is ok batting the way england did if they had got through to lunch on 60 without loss , but they will be exposed against better teams than west indies , like australia , if they crash to 34 for three in the first session as they did here .. as a player i would never worry about the pace runs came as long as they came .. you are there to win games .. but now i appreciate the need to entertain as well and the way the top three go about things might become a bit monotonous .. joe root ( left ) and ian bell ( right ) put on 177 runs for the fourth wicket on day one in antigua. bell raises his bat to the crowd after scoring his 22nd test match century at the sir viv richards stadium. ok , if they stay in the runs will come and england supporters will be happy but it should be remembered that england have promised to play a certain way .. you have to give jonathan trott huge credit for battling his way back to test cricket but a bit of a risk has been taken with him because if it does n't come off it will look like another big decision that england have got wrong .. as for captain alastair cook , he has been working hard with graham gooch and has opened his shoulder up a bit , but the pitched up delivery continues to get him out .. ben stokes was unbeaten on 71 at the close of play as england reached 341 for five. bell and root lifted england 's run rate and got them out of a hole having fallen to 34 for three. gary ballance has got this big backwards movement so to get him driving , and dismissing him the way the west indies did , represented a sucker punch .. then you looked at the way ian bell and joe root went about their business and they were just that bit busier .. you ca n't bowl one way to them to dry up their scoring shots because they both drive and they both pull well .. thanks to those two and ben stokes , this turned out to be very much england 's day .. i was delighted that stokes batted so well on his return to the side .. he made no excuses when he was left out of the side and said he deserved to be dropped .. i like that , and i like a player like him coming in at no 6 and taking the game away from the opposition .. alastair cook is bowled through the gate by kemar roach for 11 on the first morning in antigua. jonathan trott 's first test in 18 months ended in a third-ball duck as he was dismissed in the first over. peter moores and cook are both genuinely good guys trying to do a good job , so when i received a text from moores asking if i would have a motivational talk with the team on the eve of the test i was happy to oblige .. i have always said that if england ever want any input from me i will try to help .. it 's difficult to do that at times , being on the other side of the fence now with the media , but my heart is in english cricket and i want england to do well .. it was only a 15-minute chat at the end of england 's team meeting and , while not going into it too deeply , i just tried to give the team a sense of perspective .. gary ballance was third to go for england on the first morning as he was dismissed by jason holder. it 's difficult at times when you are in the bubble to remember what it means to be an england cricketer and i tried to emphasise that it is important , but you have to try to play down in your mind quite how important it is and enjoy the journey .. and when england were 34 for three , i was receiving a lot of comments in the commentary box about my supposed motivational skills !. i replied that i only actually spoke to the england middle order .. i replied that i only spoke to the middle order
matthew kenney smoked flakka and then ran naked. a florida man who was high on a designer drug called flakka stripped and ran naked through traffic in fort lauderdale to escape from imaginary killers who he believed stole his clothes and wanted to murder him .. matthew kenney , 34 , told police he smoked flakka before he streaked though traffic early on saturday evening while only wearing a pair of sneakers .. flakka , which can be injected , snorted , smoked , swallowed or taken with other substances , has been nicknamed ' $ 5 insanity ' for its mind-bending effects and cheap cost .. after he was arrested , kenney told police he would ` rather die than be caught by these unknown people ' , the sun sentinel reported .. he added that ` if i got hit by a car they would stop chasing me ' according to a fort lauderdale police reported .. kenney has previous arrests for disorderly conduct , making a riot and possession of a controlled substance .. he was hospitalized for a psychiatric evaluation .. flakka is usually made from the chemical alpha-pvp , a synthetic version of the stimulant cathinone .. that is the same type of chemical that is used to make bath salts .. kenney , 34 , ran though traffic early on saturday evening while only wearing sneakers in fort lauderdale , florida. the suspect said he was escaping imaginary killers who he believed stole his clothes and wanted to murder him. the use of flakka a designer drug that can be even stronger than crystal meth or bath salts , is up in florida. flakka resembles a mix of crack cocaine and meth and it has a a strong odor ` like a sweaty sock ' , wpbf 25 news reported .. once ingested , the drug causes a feeling of euphoria , hallucinations and sometimes psychosis or even superhuman strength .. the high lasts for a couple hours and users are left with a strong desire to use again .. there were more than 670 flakka occurrences in florida in 2014 , up from 85 in 2012 and zero in 2010 , according to the drug enforcement administration .
customers at a rio de janeiro snack bar were unwittingly eating pastries made from the meat of stray dogs , police said today .. officers investigating the popular fast food house reportedly found boxes containing the frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs .. the canines , which appeared to have been killed with blows to the head , were used for the fillings of ` pastels ' , a traditional brazilian stuffed pastry which is deep-fried and normally made with ground beef .. officers investigating the rio de janeiro snack bar reportedly found boxes containing the frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs ( pictured ). according to police , owner chinese van ruilonc admitted to making the snacks from dog meat , adding that the animals were strays he had rounded up from streets in the city , which will host next year 's olympic games .. ruilonc , 32 , is reportedly one of a group of chinese businessmen who own dozens of pastry houses in rio de janeiro , including at least one in the beachside tourist district of copacabana .. the discovery at the eatery in rio 's northern district of parada de lucas was made after officers arrived to investigate claims trafficked chinese workers were forced to live and work in slave-like conditions .. the canines , which appeared to have been killed with blows to the head , were used as meat at the fast food bar owned by van ruilonc. police found a cage in the back of the establishment where workers were incarcerated , and made to work 18 hours a day without pay .. public prosecutor guadalupe louro couto said officers were shocked at what they found .. he said : ` i 've seen lots of bad things , but what i saw in that pastry house was worse than everything .. to start with , there was a cell , like a jail , with bars and padlock , set up inside the snack bar , where the worker was imprisoned .. ` apart from this , he lived with the stench of dead dogs , which were kept in the same room .. i could n't stand it .. i started to feel ill and asked to leave .. ` when we started to open the polystyrene boxes , we saw the frozen dogs .. there were various crimes being committed there . '. dog meat was used for the fillings of ` pastels ' , a traditional brazilian stuffed pastry which is deep-fried and normally made with ground beef ( stock picture )
a 16-year-old schoolboy is warning classmates to avoid the ` kylie jenner ' challenge after being left with a bruised face when he sucked into a glass to emulate the kardashians star 's bee-stung pout .. kevin coulton from manchester decided to stick his mouth in the rim of a glass because ` everyone was doing it ' .. but the 16-year-old was left with dark bruising around his lips and chin which lasted more than three days .. kevin coulton , 16 , put his lips in the rim of a glass and blew to achieve a fuller pout .. but the schoolboy was left with bruising round his chin and mouth. now he is warning classmates not to take part in the craze sparked by beauty-conscious youths desperate for a fuller pout .. ` it 's a bit stupid .. everyone 's doing it and i just thought i would too .. there was n't really a reason , ' he said .. ` it really did hurt , and it went all purple and bruised straight away .. it has n't gone down three days later .. my parents were shocked . '. i did it with a glass .. a lot of people say it should be done with a shot glass to do it properly .. everyone in school is doing it .. ` but i want to tell people not to .. it hurts and the bruising takes ages to go down . '. the new craze is popular among teens desperate to emulate kylie jenner 's bee-stung pout ( pictured ). scores of youngsters have suffered similar fates after attempting what has now become known as the kylie jenner challenge .. capturing their failed attempts in videos and photographs , they have been seen sucking into bottles , shot glasses and plastic beakers to achieve the plumped look .. instead they were left with unsightly bruising or swelling .. the craze was sparked after jenner , 17 , told fans how she used lip liner to make the most of her lips .. denying claims that she has ever had plastic surgery , she encouraged youngster not to be afraid ` to experiment ' with their looks .. the worrying trend dubbed the ' #kyliejennerchallenge ' swept social media , encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses ( pictured )
islamic state militants have released photographs which appear to show the beheading of an ` alleged blasphemer . '. a series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man , wielding a meat cleaver .. his beheading is believed to have taken place in hama in syria .. a man was apparently beheaded by isis in hama , syria , for being an alleged ` blasphemer '. the series of photos are the latest images released by the militant group which is increasingly using propaganda to encourage would-be jihadi fighters and spread fear among those working against isis in iraq and syria .. in one of the images the victims is seen blindfolded and kneeling on the floor , surrounded by men with guns .. an executioner , with his face covered , stands behind him with what appears to be a meat cleaver raised over his head .. the next photo , which is too disturbing to publish , shows the man after he has been murdered with his severed head placed on his body .. each of the images are similar to videos released of british and american hostages who have also beheaded by the militants .. a series of gruesome images show the man being led from a van in handcuffs and blindfolded. the man was forced to kneel down while blindfolded before he is apparently brutally executed. it follows a video released by isis which week that warns ` america will burn ' and threatens a repeat of the 9/11 atrocity that saw the twin towers destroyed .. the 11-minute video features some of the group 's most brutal killings - such as the beheading of american journalist james foley and the brutal burning of jordanian pilot muadh al-kasasbeh as he stood in a cage .. the twin towers and still images of osama bin laden are also shown during the short video .. militants armed with rifles surround the man , while his executioner stands behind holding a meat cleaver. propaganda is increasingly being used by isis as a way of attracting new recruits and gaining notoriety .. the latest photographs follow a video released last month which show eight suspected informers , all dressed in red jumpsuits , being executed .. in january , isis militants threatened to behead barack obama and turn the us into a muslim province in another gruesome video that emerged from their self-styled caliphate .
( cnn ) kim bok-dong is 89 now , and is going blind and deaf .. she knows her health is fading , and she can no longer walk unassisted .. but her eyes burn bright with a passion borne of redressing her suffering of a lifetime ago .. she enters a meeting of tokyo foreign correspondents in a wheelchair , visibly exhausted after a flight from seoul and days of interviews and meetings .. the nightmares from five years as a sex slave of the japanese army , from 1940 onwards , are still crystal clear .. kim is determined to share her story with anyone who will listen , until she 's no longer physically able .. " my only wish is to set the record straight about the past .. before i die , " kim says .. kim was a 14-year-old girl when the japanese came to her village in korea .. she says they told her she had no choice but to leave her home and family to support the war effort by working at a sewing factory .. " there was no option not to go , " she recalls .. " if we did n't go , we 'd be considered traitors , ". instead of going to a sewing factory , kim says she ended up in japanese military brothels in half a dozen countries .. along with about 30 other women , she says she was locked in a room and forced to do things no teenage girl -- no woman -- should ever have to do .. kim describes seemingly endless days of soldiers lined up outside the brothel , called a " comfort station . ". often they were so close to the front lines , they could hear the battles of world war two happening all around them .. " our job was to revitalize the soldiers , " she says .. " on saturdays , they would start lining up at noon .. and it would last until 8pm .. there was always a long line of soldiers .. on sunday it was 8 a.m to 5 p.m. again , a long line .. i did n't have the chance to count how many . ". kim estimates each japanese soldier took around three minutes .. they usually kept their boots and leg wraps on , hurriedly finishing so the next solider could have his turn .. kim says it was dehumanizing , exhausting , and often excruciating .. " when it was over , i could n't even get up .. it went on for such a long time .. by the time the sun went down , i could n't use my lower body at all .. after the first year , we were just like machines , " she says .. kim believes the years of physical abuse took a permanent toll on her body .. tears stream down her cheeks as she explains how she was never able to fulfill her dream of having children .. " when i started , the japanese military would often beat me because i was n't submissive , " kim says .. " there are no words to describe my suffering .. i ca n't live without medicine .. i 'm always in pain . ". kim is part of an ngo called the " korean council for the women drafted for military sexual slavery by japan , " which is fighting for an apology .. some japanese prime ministers have personally apologized in the past , but the ngo director believes that it 's not nearly enough .. tokyo maintains its legal liability for the wrongdoing was cleared by a bilateral claims treaty signed in 1965 between south korea and japan .. kim 's story matches testimony from other so-called " comfort women . ". in washington , as japanese prime minister shinzo abe conducts a state visit to the united states , former korean sex slave lee yong-soo makes a tearful plea to him , demanding an official apology for japan 's sexual enslavement of an estimated 200,000 comfort women , mostly korean and chinese .. many have since passed away , but those still alive want individual compensation for their treatment .. critics say abe has not been vocal enough .. they fear his government is trying to whitewash the past , to appease conservatives who feel comfort women were paid prostitutes , not victims of official military policy .. " when it comes to the comfort women sex slave system , it is pretty much unique to japan .. i think nazi germany had some of it to a smaller degree .. but in the japanese case it was large scale , and state-sponsored , essentially , " says koichi nakano , a professor of political science at tokyo 's sophia university .. nakano points out that , since abe first came to office his government has succeeded in removing references to " comfort women " from many japanese school textbooks .. it 's part of what critics call japan 's track record of glossing over its war crimes . ". ( comfort women ) have gone through tremendous trauma .. and in a way , the japanese government risks a second rape by discrediting their testimonies and treating ( their experiences ) as if they were lies , " nakano says .. abe insists he and other prime ministers have made repeated apologies .. " i am deeply pained to think of the comfort women who experienced immeasurable pain and suffering , " abe told diet lawmakers last year .. abe gave a similarly worded statement during a press conference tuesday in washington , dc -- leading critics to question the sincerity of abe 's expressions of remorse over the issue .. abe has said he does not believe women were coerced to work in the military brothels .. nakano says abe and conservative lawmakers feel " singled out . ". " they feel there 's some sort of a plot by other asian countries to sully the japanese name to their advantage . ". with abe 's historic visit to the u.s. just months before the 70th anniversary of the end of world war two , kim wants president obama to pressure his key asian ally to do more to acknowledge history .. meanwhile , kim has had enough of the excuses she says are hampering her efforts to finally get peace .. " to say there 's no evidence is absurd .. i am the evidence , " she says .
( cnn ) geography is , in part , destiny for italy : the country will always be a bridge between africa and europe , as the ongoing humanitarian crisis in the mediterranean so starkly shows .. a surge of refugees this year , usually transported by smugglers on overcrowded vessels , has sought to reach europe via the libyan coast .. a boatload of 900 migrants who embarked from libya are now feared dead in the latest sinking .. over 10,000 were rescued off the coast of italy in the last week alone .. european leaders are scrambling to deal with this emergency .. there is a backstory here worthy of our attention , and it has to do with italy 's colonial past .. many of the refugees involved in recent disasters come from some of italy 's former colonies in north and east africa , namely eritrea ( occupied from 1890-1941 ) and somalia ( 1908-1941 ) .. as migrants , libyans are fewer in number , but libya ( 1912-1941 ) plays a central role in the current crisis as the main departure point for italy .. italy 's empire never rivaled that of the british and the french in scope and longevity , but those who lived in its possessions were no less affected .. indeed , the migrants traversing the mediterranean today form part of a century-long chain of migrations , expulsions , and exiles sparked by italy 's imperial ambition and commercial interests , the post-colonial anger of african leaders , and now mass economic desperation and political strife .. long after the formal end of italian colonialism , these eritreans , somalis , and libyans have inherited the histories of influence and exploitation that shaped their home countries .. it also affects the treatment of africans who settle in italy .. libya is an example of the long reach of italian imperialism .. libya was for a brief period an incorporated province of italy , on the model of french algeria , and libyan families still feel the devastating effects of the fascist dictatorship 's persecution of those who resisted italian occupation .. over 100,000 libyan men , women , and children were deported to concentration camps deep in the desert in the late 1920s and early 1930s , and much of the ruling class was exiled or executed .. col. moammar gadhafi , who ruled from 1969 to 2011 , was born during the italian occupation of his country , and his identity as a revolutionary was shaped by the example of resistance leaders such as omar al-mukhtar , who was hanged by the fascists in front of 20,000 of his people in 1931 .. in 1970 , soon after he took power , gadhafi struck back , expelling the remaining italian community in libya .. some of those people had grown up entirely in libya .. they arrived in italy for the first time , at some of the same ports receiving migrants today .. this political intervention did not spell the end of italian-libyan commercial dealings , which grew out of colonial-era relations that had made libya italy 's biggest oil supplier .. since 2004 , italy and libya have been directly connected by the greenstream natural gas pipeline , which runs below the mediterranean , on the same axis as many migrant boats .. commercial concerns , and the cozy relationship of then-prime minister silvio berlusconi and gadhafi , also lay behind a historic 2008 friendship treaty between italy and libya , which promised infrastructure and other aid to libya worth the equivalent of $ 5 billion as compensation for the damages inflicted by italy during the decades of colonial rule .. until his death in 2011 , despite deals with italy and the european union to control departures from his borders , gadhafi intermittently used european fears of mass arrivals of migrants from libya as a political weapon .. given europe 's geography , this weapon was pointed particularly at italy , libya 's former master , and the principal target of gadhafi 's post-colonial revenge politics .. few italians learn about this colonial history and its legacies , even though episodes of racist violence against immigrants from former italian colonies and elsewhere are on the rise .. upon her appointment in 2013 as minister of integration , cécile kyenge , an italian of congolese origin , faced ugly racist attacks from fellow italian politicians , including a comment that she looked like an orangutan .. this climate has encouraged those who wish to rehabilitate the " heroes " of fascist imperialism .. in 2012 , the town of affile built a publicly-funded memorial to general rodolfo graziani , known as " the butcher of fezzan " for his brutal repression of libyan resisters in the 1920s -- and for the massacre of ethiopian civilians he ordered in response to a 1937 attempt on his life .. this colonial history and its long-term consequences can help us understand italians ' ambivalent reactions to the emergency on their southernmost shores .. italian rescuers and activists work tirelessly and selflessly , and yet migrants who remain in italy are often subject to racist attacks .. it is ironic that the name chosen for the sea rescue operation organized by the italian navy in 2013 was the slogan of the fascist 's dictatorship 's bid to control the mediterranean : mare nostrum .. the program rescued more than 160,000 migrants in one year before it was discontinued due to european union budget restrictions .. it seems to reflect the conflicted attitude of the italian government to its past aggressions : an admirable and courageous initiative -- advanced under an imperialist banner .. the italian government deserves the full support of the european union as it responds to the current humanitarian crisis .. but it also needs to address the failure of civic education about its colonial past .. at 40 years old , italian prime minister matteo renzi is of a different generation than those who have sustained a politics of selective memory that is as dangerous in its own way for migrants as the boats now capsizing in the mediterranean .. setting a new course on this issue is in italy 's interest , now more than ever .
a qantas jet bound for perth was forced to turn back to sydney airport after a safety light turned on mid-air .. the airbus a330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30 pm after an indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors , a qantas spokesman said .. ` engineers are inspecting the aircraft .. there is no evidence at this stage of a problem , ' he said .. passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart sunday afternoon , he said .. a qantas jet bound for perth has been forced to return to sydney airport after a safety light turned on mid-air
the front pages of saturday 's australian newspapers featured moving tributes to richie benaud , the former australia captain and iconic cricket commentator , who has died aged 84 .. the daily telegraph in australia had a special tribute edition with the headline ' a marvellous innings ' next to a striking image of benaud during the 1961 ashes series .. the weekend australian went with ` the voice of our endless summers falls silent ' , while the age simply had a picture of benaud standing on a cricket field with the dates 1930-2015 .. the age had a special tribute edition to richie benaud on saturday. the weekend australian carried tributes to ` the face of cricket ' on saturday. the world has been paying tribute to benaud , the former australia captain and iconic cricket commentator , who died on friday .. a pioneering leg-spin bowler , benaud played in 63 tests , 28 as captain , before retiring in 1964 to pursue a career in journalism and broadcasting .. his final commentary in england was at the 2005 ashes series but he continued to work in australia until 2013 .. in november , benaud revealed he was being treated for skin cancer .
a drag queen who was friends with robert durst when he was living as deaf , mute woman has revealed how fascinated the scion was with wigs and make-up .. the 71-year-old real estate tycoon used to live on galveston island , on the texas gulf coast and went by the name of dorothy in the early 2000s .. clair schuler , who goes by the stage name cici ryder , told click 2 houston that when he met durst he was pretending to be a deaf , mute woman .. clair schuler , who goes by the stage name cici ryder , ( pictured ) is a drag queen who was friends with robert durst when he was living as deaf , mute woman. clair schuler told click 2 houston durst was ` very infatuated with the drag queens that performed , and their hair and their make-up , especially the hair and the make-up '. schuler said durst even carried around a tablet to communicate his thoughts at garza 's kon-tiki .. he said he was not fooled by durst 's apparent deafness and just thought he was an older divorcee coming to grips with his sexuality .. ` he was very infatuated with the drag queens that performed , and their hair and their make-up , especially the hair and the make-up , ' said schuler .. " when you saw him in drag honey , eww , it was not pretty .. it was blue eye-shadow and red lips , not pretty , " said schuler .. he said that durst was shy and never let anyone touch him or take photos .. schuler ( pictured at garza 's kon-tiki ) said durst even carried around a tablet to communicate his thoughts.he said he was not fooled by durst 's apparent deafness and just thought he was an older divorcee coming to grips with his sexuality. schuler said durst was a generous tipper and although there were some strange things about his nature he did not think of him as a threat .. a few months later durst was arrested for allegedly killing and dismembering his neighbor , morris black - he was found not guilty .. last week durst 's first court date culminated in a shouting match after none of his lawyers ' witnesses showed up .. he is awaiting extradition to face murder charges in california appeared in new orleans accused of illegal gun possession .. controversial : robert durst , 71 , ( file image pictured ) is now facing the death penalty in california , where he is accused of murdering his longtime friend susan berman in 2000. his defense team was expected to challenge the case by accusing police of searching durst 's hotel room in the city without a proper arrest warrant .. however , as a shackled durst appeared to be sleeping in the courtroom , the judge raged at his attorneys for being unprepared as they requested to delay the hearing .. durst was arrested on march 14 on charges of possession of a weapon by a felon and possession of a gun with a controlled substance , which carry a combined maximum sentence of 30 years in prison , but has yet to be formally charged .. it was the day before the final hbo episode aired of the jinx : the life and deaths of robert durst .. authorities who searched the room , where durst stayed under an alias , claim to have found over $ 42,000 in cash , a revolver , marijuana and a latex mask that could fit over his neck and head .. fbi agents arrested durst over fears he would flee the country , the agency has said .. on thursday , the judge eventually agreed to postpone the hearing until next week , when the witnesses - two fbi agents and a state trooper - could be charged with contempt of court for failing to appear .. long a suspect in the disappearance of his wife , kathleen durst , in 1982 in new york , durst was acquitted in the dismemberment killing of his neighbor in texas in 2003 .. he is now facing the death penalty in california , where he is accused of murdering his longtime friend susan berman in 2000 .. the real estate heir was temporarily placed on suicide watch soon after his arrest .. his lawyers claim his asperger 's syndrome led him to erroneously trust the hbo producers , who screened semi-confessional interviews that will now be used against him in trial .. durst , who prosecutors have said is worth up to $ 100 million , has long been estranged from his powerful family , which has major new york real estate holdings .. he has been held without bail at a facility for mentally ill inmates about 70 miles ( 110 km ) from new orleans , with local authorities having labeled him a suicide risk .
a former democratic congressional aide who pleaded guilty last year to raping two women was spared jail time on friday because horrific disfiguring injuries he suffered in an unrelated 2013 acid attack .. donny ray williams , who was once a staffer for the senate homeland security subcommittee , slipped an intern ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious .. that same year , he had sex with a woman too inebriated to give her consent , prosecutors say .. despite admitting his guilt in december , d.c. prosecutors on friday asked that williams be spared prison time because he is himself the victim of a crime - the effects of which will mar the remainder of his life , washington post reports .. no jail time : former capitol hill staffer donny ray williams is disfigured from an acid attack that occurred years after he raped two women .. a judge on friday agreed with a prosecutor 's recommendation that he not serve jail time due to his serious injuries , for which he 's undergone 20 surgeries and still faces more life threatening operations. the decision to give williams a suspended jail sentence and 5 years probation - which judge robert e. morin reluctantly agreed to - came despite one of his victim 's request he be given ` some jail time . '. ` he gave me a random dose of drugs and risked my life , ' the woman argued in a letter read in d.c. superior court last week .. the woman had just moved to washington as an intern .. she initially warmed to williams because she believed he could help her get a leg up on capitol hill .. ` after the assault , i moved away , and he continued to harass me and threatened me to drop the charges .. this crime has caused me fear , pain and a financial burden , ' she wrote .. the other woman williams raped was not present for the sentencing , during which judge morin said williams ` was a victim of an independent crime and has serious medical issues . '. williams ' own attack occurred in 2013 as he walked down a washington street .. a man approached him and tossed acid in his face that dripped down his body , he told the post . '. i thought i was going to die , ' williams recalled .. acid attack : williams was approached by a man in 2013 on a washington street who tossed acid on his face .. he believes a former girlfriend 's jealous ex was behind the attack .. he 's now blind in one eye and nearly blind in the other. massive second and third-degree burns put him in the hospital for two months , blinded him in one eye and nearly blinded him in the other .. williams believes the jealous boyfriend of a woman he was dating was behind the assault , the post reports .. much of his face is now gnarled and disfigured and he currently has a massive lump at the top of his skull where doctors have surgically implanted a rod that stretches his skin in order to promote healing .. he 's undergone some 20 surgeries and still faces more ` life threatening surgeries .. ` how easy it is for men to use power to abuse , ' williams said in court .. ` rape is cowardly , shameful and downright evil .. i promise , i will protect a woman 's right to her own body . '. he 'd previously denied the allegations against him , saying he only pleaded guilty because he wanted to focus on his health and not a trial .. he now says he 's a $ 1 million in debt and jobless after spending years working with such notable politicians as senator mary landrieu and senator herb koh .. he worked in the obama administration as the general deputy assistant secretary for congressional and intergovernmental relations in the department of housing and urban development between april 2009 and october 2010 .. williams had served as a staff director for the senate homeland security and governmental affairs subcommittee .. he started working on capitol hill in 1999 for rep. elijah e. cummings ( d-md . )
one man has died after a sports plane crashed onto a motorway in north-west germany on sunday afternoon .. the four-seater plane is believed to have come down near hatten , oldenburg , shortly after taking off from a nearby airfield .. the male pilot was killed in the crash , and three passengers have been taken to a nearby hospital , local police said .. crash : the male pilot is believed to have died in the crash on autobahn 28 near hatten , oldenburg today. one man , believed to have been co-piloting the cessna 172 , is in a ` serious condition ' , according to emergency services .. the small plane crash-landed between a wildlife fence and a guardrail , just feet away from passing cars , nordwest-zeitung reports .. ` one person has died and two are seriously injured , ' an emergency service spokesperson told bild newspaper , while reports of a third injured passenger appeared in other newspapers .. a large number of emergency personnel arrived at the scene and autobahn 28 remains cordoned off .. the cause of the crash is yet unclear , and police are expected to launch an investigation .. according to police , the male pilot was killed , and three passengers severely injured , but the cause of the crash remains unknown. down : the plane crash-landed between a wildlife fence and a guardrail , just feet away from passing cars
a woman who was kidnapped at knife-point by her ex-boyfriend has been found by police after she made contact with a family member .. billy-anne huxham , 18 , from caboolture , queensland , was found at 9.45 pm at aerodrome road in maroochydore , on queensland 's sunshine coast , after police found the nissan suv that was used in her abduction earlier that day .. ms huxham 's ex partner carl garry chapman , 32 , has been detained and charged with a string of offences including assault , torture and deprivation of liberty .. found : abducted teen billy-anne huxton was located by police on thursday night after she made contact with a family member. her ex partner carl garry chapman has been charged with unlawful use of a motor vehicle , entering dwelling with intent , assault occasioning bodily harm , torture , deprivation of liberty , dangerous conduct with a weapon , possession of a weapon , evading police , unlicensed driving and breach of bail. the 32-year-old was out on bail charges at the time of the abduction where he used a firearm to subdue the victim .. while chapman was holed up in a friends home ms huxham allegedly escaped her captor and fled to a local restaurant where she called her parents who then contacted police , the courier-mail reports .. the man is due to appear in the maroochydore magistrates court saturday morning .. police located the silver 2014 mitsubishi outlander the teen was forced into early on tuesday morning .. the vehicle was found abandoned on kift st in kallangar at around 11.15 am thursday morning .. this news came as ms huxham 's facebook page was inundated with posts by friends concerned with her welfare .. a worried friend wrote : ` ca n't believe what i 'm hearing and seeing ' . '. i know you 're a staunch b **** and would put up a fight no matter what but my girl please just come back home safely . '. after hearing of ms huxham 's abduction her friends took to facebook to beg her to turn her life around and ` stay away from those type of people '. ms huxham 's facebook account was made private shortly after the abduction. another said : ` time to pull your head in woman get out of that ... scene !. ms huxham , who also goes by the name of billy-anne kunst , made a post to her facebook page just 20 minutes before she was reportedly abducted .. it reads : ` well good morning f ***** s ; today looks like its fine form yeeeeeow do n't be getting lippy unless yas wan na have crack 4510 , mwa xo ' .. shocked neighbours heard yelling and screaming moments before ms huxham was abducted from her home. relatives of ms huxham , 18 , told officers she was forced into a car at gunpoint outside a caboolture home , just north of brisbane , at around 6am .. shocked neighbours heard yelling and screaming moments before ms huxham was abducted from her home by a man who reportedly attacked her with a machete .. the abandoned vehicle was found on kift st in kallangar at around 11.15 am thursday morning. ms huxton posted to facebook only 20 minutes before she was allegedly assaulted with a machete and taken by her ex partner - ` well good morning f ***** s ; today looks like its fine form yeeeeeow do n't be getting lippy unless yas wan na have crack 4510 , mwa xo '. a neighbour , who did n't want to be identified , said she heard screaming before the mitsubishi took off down the street . '. i did n't really think much of it because that sort of thing is n't uncommon for that house , ' she said .. it was initially claimed that ms huxham sustained wounds to her leg and bruising to her face as a result of the violent ambush .. 18-year-old billy-anne huxham was reportedly woken up , attacked with a machete and taken from her home. following the abduction , the perpetrator broke into another home in caboolture and threatened the residents with a gun , believed to be shotgun or rifle .. a police chase on the bruce highway was unsuccessful after mr chapman and ms huxham were spotted driving on anzac avenue at 11.30 am - five hours after the abduction .
charged with four offences : sunderland footballer adam johnson arrives to answer bail at peterlee police station in county durham yesterday. an england footballer was yesterday charged with grooming and sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl .. adam johnson , 27 , who plays in the premier league for sunderland and has represented his country 12 times , faces a lengthy jail term if he is convicted .. the # 10million winger was arrested seven weeks ago and learnt his fate during an arranged appointment at peterlee police station , durham .. johnson , the father of a three-month-old daughter , has been accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming .. the # 50,000-a-week player is due to appear before peterlee magistrates on may 20 and the case will then be transferred to crown court .. his team is playing arsenal away that evening in the penultimate game of their league battle against relegation .. the case threatens to put an end to the talented attacker 's glittering career .. last night , it was not clear if he will be allowed to continue playing before his case is dealt with .. gerry wareham , of the crown prosecution service , announced the decision to charge johnson .. he said it was in the public interest to charge the footballer and there was a ` realistic prospect ' of a conviction .. johnson was told of the charges he will face during a 20-minute meeting with detectives .. dressed in a navy tracksuit and white trainers , he emerged grim-faced and walked swiftly out of the police station without commenting before being driven away .. he stands accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child , contrary to section 9 of the sexual offences act 2003 .. the offences are said to have taken place between december 30 last year and february 26 .. he has also been charged with meeting a child following sexual grooming under section 15 of the act .. johnson was arrested on march 2 at his six-bedroom , # 1.9 million home in castle eden , near hartlepool .. court date : premier league winger johnson ( centre ) will appear at peterlee magistrates ' court on may 20. winger : johnson ( left , with long-time girlfriend stacey flounders , and right , in a match against newcastle united on april 5 ) has made 31 appearances for sunderland this season , scoring five goals. he became a father for the first time on january 8 when his girlfriend stacey flounders , 25 , gave birth to their daughter ayla sofia .. the alleged sexual activity offences cover a period while she was pregnant and after she gave birth .. johnson was born in sunderland and raised in easington , county durham , before joining middlesbrough 's youth academy as a 12-year-old .. he made his premier league debut for the club in 2005 and was sold in 2010 to manchester city .. sunderland signed him for # 10million in 2012 .. initially the player was suspended after his arrest .. but two weeks later , he was allowed back to training and returned to the team under sunderland 's new manager dick advocaat .. home : the premier league winger was arrested at his mansion ( pictured ) in county durham on march 2. former middlesbrough star : adam johnson has represented england at senior level 12 times. adam johnson began his career at middlesbrough , where he made his debut in a uefa cup game in 2005 , aged just 17 .. almost six months later , he turned out for the first time in the premier league , taking part in a 2-1 home win against arsenal .. he was loaned out to leeds united then watford , scoring 12 goals in his three-month stay at the hertfordshire club .. on his return to middlesbrough , he again showed strong form , then made a # 7million move to manchester city in february 2010 .. in three seasons at the etihad stadium , the speedy winger made 97 appearances , helping win the barclays premier league , fa cup and community shield .. in august 2012 he moved back to his native north east , to sunderland , in a # 10million deal , and highlights of his time there have included a hat-trick on january 11 last year in a 4-1 away win over fulham .. he said after taking the match ball as a memento : ` these days do n't come along too often unless you 're messi or ronaldo , so it was nice for me to get that ball as a souvenir to look back on .. ` this is up there with one of my best days of my career along with playing for england , scoring for england . '. he was awarded the barclays player of the month award that month .. the 27-year-old has represented england at under-19 and under-21 level , and at senior level 12 times , the last of them in a friendly victory over italy in august 2012 .. he has struggled to reproduce his best form on a sustained basis at sunderland , but endeared himself to the fans with goals in each of the club 's three derby victories at newcastle in as many seasons , including a late winner at st james ' park on december 21 last year .. derby win : winger johnson scored a late winner against newcastle united at st james ' park last december. sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .
iran has sent two warships to the waters off yemen while the us has accelerated moves to supply weapons to the saudi coalition as foreign powers get drawn deeper into the conflict .. the alborz destroyer and bushehr support vessel sailed from bandar abbas to the gulf of aden today with military bosses claiming the move is designed to protect iranian shipping from piracy .. it comes as saudi arabia continues to lead a bombing campaign to oust the iran-allied houthi movement which has taken most of yemen and forced president abd-rabbu mansour hadi to flee to riyadh .. smoke billows from a saudi-led airstrike on sanaa , yemen earlier today amid reports iran has sent a navy destroyer and another vessel to the gulf of aden. conflict : yemeni supporters of the southern separatist movement fire towards houthi rebels during clashes in the northern dar saad neighbourhood of the southern yemeni city of aden today. a houthi fighter aims a weapon upwards as smoke rises from a building after a saudi-led airstrike on a street in sanaa , yemen. saudi arabia and several arab allies have imposed an air and naval blockade on yemen in a two-week campaign that has been condemned by iran , which has called for dialogue .. the iranian ships will patrol the gulf of aden , south ofyemen , and the red sea , rear admiral habibollah sayyari said in comments cited by press tv. meanwhile , washington deepened its involvement in the conflict as aid agencies scrambled to deliver help to civilians caught up in the campaign now heading into its third week .. the red cross has warned of a ` catastrophic ' situation in main southern city aden where militia loyal to fugitive president abedrabbo mansour hadi have been holding out against houthi shiite rebels and their allies within the security forces .. gunfight : a man fires towards houthi rebels .. eleven people were killed in yemen 's main southern city aden overnight in clashes between rebels and forces loyal to fugitive president abedrabbo mansour hadi. scores of people have been killed or wounded in the street fighting in the heart of the port city of aden. scores of people have been killed or wounded in the street fighting in the heart of the port city and aid agency doctors without borders said it feared many more had been unable to reach hospitals .. the main shiite power iran , which has strongly opposed the saudi-led intervention , stepped up its efforts for a negotiated settlement with a visit to saudi ally pakistan by foreign minister mohammed javad zarif .. islamabad has so far deflected appeals by riyadh to join the coalition of nine - mainly sunni - arab countries intervening in yemen , for fear of deepening sectarian divisions at home and across the muslim world .. us deputy secretary of state antony blinken said washington was stepping up weapons deliveries and intelligence sharing in support of the saudi-led coalition .. ` saudi arabia is sending a strong message to the houthis and their allies that they can not overrun yemen by force , ' blinken told reporters in the saudi capital .. firefighters jet water on to a burning building after eyewitness reports that it had been hit in an air strike. a girl runs for shelter during an air strike in sanaa .. saudi arabia is leading a bombing campaign to oust the iran-allied houthi movement which has taken most of yemen. ` in support of that effort we have expedited weapons deliveries , ' he said after talks with defence minister mohammed bin salman and other saudi officials .. a us defence official told afp that washington was sending primarily precision-guided munitions .. the coalition launched its air war on march 26 as the rebels and their allies closed on hadi 's last refuge aden , prompting him to flee to neighbouring saudi arabia .. riyadh accuses tehran of backing the rebels and has vowed to bomb them into surrender to prevent them establishing a pro-iran state on its doorstep .. but the rebels have powerful allies within the security forces who have remained loyal to longtime strongman ali abdullah saleh , forced from power in 2012 after a year-long , arab spring-inspired uprising .. eight rebels and three loyalist militiamen were killed in clashes in aden overnight , a military source said .. saudi-led warplanes also bombed rebel positions at the city 's international airport and the huge al-anad air base to its north , another military source said .. bomb site : a man surveys a damaged building hit in an airstrike organised by a saudi-led alliance. wreckage : a man inspects the twisted remains of a building hit in an airstrike sanaa , yemen. washington is stepping up weapons deliveries and intelligence sharing in support of the saudi-led coalition. al-anad was a key monitoring post in washington 's longstanding drone war against al-qaeda until it withdrew its troops as fighting intensified last month .. last week , al-qaeda seized much of hadramawt provincial capital mukalla .. on tuesday , they attacked one of the last loyalist strongholds in the city .. us defence secretary ashton carter acknowledged on wednesday that the fighting in yemen was complicating washington 's counter-terrorism efforts but vowed they would go on regardless .. ` obviously it 's always easier to conduct ct ops when there is a stable government willing to cooperate , ' he said .. ` that circumstance now obviously does n't exist in yemen but that does n't mean that we do n't continue to take steps to protect ourselves .. we have to do it in a different way , but we do and we are . '. yemeni fighters opposing the houthi rebels hold a bullet belt in the northern entrance to aden as clashes continue to rage in the embattled city. a heavily armed yemeni fighter walks near the entrance to aden .. the red cross has warned of a ` catastrophic ' situation in the city. as iran 's top diplomat prepared to visit , pakistan said it would take its time deciding whether to accept the saudi request to join the coalition .. prime minister nawaz sharif said pakistan was ` not in a hurry ' to decide and that diplomatic efforts were under way involving turkey and iran .. turkish president recep tayyip erdogan , who has expressed support for the coalition without providing military forces , held talks in tehran on tuesday .. ` we both think war and bloodshed must stop in this area immediately and a complete ceasefire must be established and the strikes must stop , ' his iranian counterpart hassan rouhani said after their meeting .. pakistan has called for a negotiated solution , saying it does not want to take part in any conflict that would worsen sectarian divisions in the muslim world .
sky sports pundit gary neville has laid into referee lee mason after he failed to award newcastle a penalty during their 2-0 defeat at liverpool on monday night .. an incident in the 38th minute of the game , saw ayoze perez felled by a reckless challenge from dejan lovren .. although replays clearly showed the defender scything perez down and not making contact with the ball , mason did not point to the spot .. neville said during his analysis , ` it was an absolute stonewall penalty .. the gasp in the ground , lovren just kicks him right in the knee . '. ayoze perez drives into the liverpool box on 38 minutes only to be brought down by dejan lovren. lovren makes a rash challenge and does not make any contact with the ball , sending the spaniard tumbling. sky sports pundit gary neville could not believe that a spot kick was not awarded to the magpies at anfield. he added that mason 's perfect positioning should have led him to make the correct call . '. i think we said it last week , in the game , we always look at the ref 's position .. but you look at lee mason 's view of it and he 's got no excuse , he 's staring right at it there , he 's so close , within five or six yards .. it 's just a poor decision . '. before lovren 's foul , raheem sterling had put liverpool in front with a curling effort just inside the box on 9 minutes ; and joe allen wrapped up the three points for the home side with a rifled shot into the roof of the net late on following a failed clearance from mike williamson .. the misery was only to be compounded for newcastle , as stand-in captain moussa sissoko saw red for a second bookable offence .. with newcastle trailing 1-0 , a penalty could have offered them a way back into the game , but nothing was given. perez lies on the ground as glenn johnson ( left ) clears the ball and lovren ( right ) protests his innocence. moussa sissoko ( right ) hands the captain 's armband to his manager after he is sent off for a stamp
former nfl running back lawrence phillips is suspected of killing his cellmate in a central california prison , it has emerged .. phillips , who was jailed in 2005 , is serving a sentence of more than 31 years for choking his girlfriend in san diego and driving his car into three teens after a pickup football game in los angeles .. on monday , prison officials revealed he is suspected of killing damion soward , a 37-year-old inmate from san bernardino county serving 82 years to life for a first-degree murder conviction .. nebraska 's lawrence phillips phillips is suspected of killing his cellmate in a central california prison. soward was found lifeless on saturday morning in the cell he shared with phillips , 39 , at kern valley state prison .. he was later pronounced dead , prison spokesman lt. marshall denning said in a statement .. phillips was once one of the nation 's top college football players at nebraska .. he played for the st. louis rams , until being released in 1997 for insubordination .. he also played for the miami dolphins and san francisco 49ers .. it was n't clear if phillips has an attorney .. prison officials said they suspect a second inmate at the prison of killing his cellmate .. it 's unclear if the two are related .. john munoz , a 24-year-old sentenced to 42 years on for sexual battery and other charges in los angeles county , is suspected of killing cellmate , 41-year-old rattanak kim , who was serving a sentence of 35-years to life for conspiracy to commit murder in san diego county .. prison officials are investigating both deaths along with the kern county coroner and kern county district attorney , prison officials said .. sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .
there 's no in-flight service but these pooches do n't mind - just the fact they 're still alive is a miracle .. each year thousands of homeless pooches facing euthanasia - some hours away from death - get loaded on planes and flown to new homes in places where shelters are experiencing shortages .. groups such as california-based wings of rescue or south carolina-based pilots n paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes , fuel and time .. the two non-profits say their concept has been a roaring success with the numbers increasing year-on-year .. it 's estimated that more than 4 million u.s. pets are euthanized every year .. pilot pooch , do you read me ?. each year thousands of homeless dogs facing euthanasia - some hours from death - get loaded on planes and flown to new homes in places where shelters are experiencing shortages. both pilot groups encourage spaying and neutering as a solution but know that airlifts will increase every year as they become more visible and the number of needy dogs grows .. states such as california , georgia and south carolina typically have too many dogs in shelters , while places such as washington , oregon , new york , new jersey and florida need more pets to satisfy demand .. to solve the location conundrum , pilots fire up their engines .. in coeur d'alene , idaho , retirees want smaller dogs , which are easier to take care of but a tough find in the area with the high demand .. so , the kootenai humane society orders a planeload of dogs under 16 pounds every month , or more than 1,000 animals in the last 16 months , executive director debbie jeffrey said .. window seat : groups such as california-based wings of rescue or south carolina-based pilots n paws , recruit pilots to volunteer their planes , fuel and time. in safe hands : in this december 2014 photo provided courtesy of shelterme , pilot jim nista delivers finn , a rescued dog , in everett , washington. saved from peril : it 's estimated that more than 4 million u.s. pets are euthanized every year. ` it 's just been a real success .. as fast as they come in , they are adopted , ' she said .. the successes increase as more pilots sign up to help .. ` we have seen the number of animals rescued go up every year since we started in 2008 , ' said kate quinn , executive director of pilots n paws .. the group 's 5,000-plus pilots have flown more than 15,000 dogs to new homes each of the past two years , relocating more than 75,000 animals over the last seven years , she said .. and the numbers keep rising .. growing trend : wings of rescue and pilots n paws encourage spaying and neutering as a solution but know that airlifts will increase every year as they become more visible and the number of needy dogs grows. snuggled up : it 's reported that most pooches sleep in the air and do n't get sick. ` pilots love a reason to fly .. they love making these flights , ' quinn said , adding that all dogs have to be spayed or neutered , microchipped and vaccinated before they take off .. yehuda netanel , founder and president of wings of rescue , says business has doubled each of the past four-and-a-half years .. he started as the lone pilot who rescued 300 dogs , and now the group expects to fly 7,000 pets in 2015 , he said .. the pilot of 27 years will charter planes to move dogs if there are n't enough private planes , meaning flights cost about $ 80 per dog .. netanel and his 28 pilots are preparing to take flight this weekend with 250 dogs from san bernardino , 150 from bakersfield and smaller numbers from other locations .. packing them in : kootenai humane society orders a planeload of dogs under 16 pounds every month , or more than 1,000 animals in the last 16 months. puppy-dog eyes : ` we have seen the number of animals rescued go up every year since we started in 2008 , ' said kate quinn , executive director of pilots n paws. pilots kale and anj garcia of seattle will be in san bernardino to bring as many as 50 dogs back to washington state in their seven-passenger cessna 414 .. the couple have flown 16 missions for wings of rescue .. most dogs sleep during the flight , and only a few have had air sickness , said anj garcia , who will take each one out of its crate and cuddle it during the journey .. the flights allowed cathy parker of coeur d'alene to find her dogs : bella , a poodle-chihuahua mix , and sidney , a poodle-pomeranian mix , who wings of rescue delivered from different shelters about nine months apart .. ` they 've been a real good match for each other and me , ' she said .. pet taxi : in this nov. 22 , 2014 photo , steven latham , founder of shelter me , helps pilot yehuda netanel , founder of wings of rescue , load a shelter pup onto a private plane at the van nuys airport in los angeles. paws for celebration : in the last two years , wings of rescue have flown more than 15,000 dogs annually to new homes and have relocated more than 75,000 in seven years
it 's a skill more often seen performed by us navy squadron the blue angels or the british red arrows .. but in this incredible video , one passenger captured the moment two passenger aircraft landed perfectly in sync at san francisco international airport .. as the two planes exit the cloud and approach the runway , this quick-witted passenger realised his seat was the perfect spot to video the respective landings .. the two planes begin their descent simultaneously at san francisco airport. in astonishing video captured by a passenger on one of the planes , both aircrafts ' wheels touch the tarmac at the same time. what resulted was the planes , one an american airlines , landing at the same time on adjacent runways .. as well as the two measuring their approach almost identically , the wheels touch the tarmac simultaneously .. richard toomer , from the british airline pilots association ( balpa ) , told mailonline travel : ` what we 're seeing here is ` closely spaced parallel runway operations ' in practice -- a safe and normal procedure at airports around the world .. ` san francisco has two pairs of parallel runways , separated by just 750 feet .. other airports such as atlanta and sydney have similar runway configurations and operations .. the two planes come through the clouds to begin their similar descent to the ground. ` although pilots are used to this type of approach , it does result in a very interesting view out of the window for passengers . '. plane landings are seen by many as a work of art in themselves for many tourists and enthusiasts alike .. probably the most famous , and incredible , is the landings of passenger planes on the caribbean island of saint martin .. on board it was silent , which helped the person videoing maintain their concentration to film the scene. approaching princess juliana international airport , aircraft come astonishingly close to those relaxing on maho beach that makes for terrific footage .. maho beach is located on the dutch side of the caribbean island of saint martin , in the territory of sint maarten .. aircraft are forced to land so close to the beach so as to touch down near the start of the short runway 10 , which is 2,300 metres in length .. as a result the area is popular with plane spotters and many of the surrounding bars and restaurants on the beach display airline departure and arrival timetables .. the plane landings at saint martin 's princess juliana international airport have become legendary worldwide
tory election chiefs have given their candidates a letter-writing kit to target farmers , pensioners and women , leaked documents have revealed .. a series of model letters have been drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages designed to woo voters with just 28 days to go before the may 7 election .. women are told they are ` vital to the success of the british economy ' while pensioners are praised for their ` wealth of experience ' .. a series of model letters have been drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages designed to woo voters with just 28 days to go before the may 7 election. the letter-writing kit was revealed today as david cameron made a campaign stop at the national grid training centre in newark. tory candidates are told to praise teachers as ` the best we have ever had ' and tell farmers that they are ` vital ' the party 's economic plan , according to the leaked letter-writing guide .. the letter templates are aimed at what party headquarters describes as ` target groups ' in the electorate .. tory chiefs believe there are seven groups of voters who can be persuaded to change their vote in the run up to the election , including military veterans , pensioners , teachers and parents .. the other groups tory candidates are asked to target are women , young voters and farmers .. there are also a number of letters ` written specifically for individual subjects ' , including defence , immigration and europe .. it advises activists : ` people are more likely to respond to a message from you if you write to them on an issue that they are directly interested in .. ` this pack aims to provide you with pre-written examples you can use as the basis on which to write to people on issues that they raise . '. the 37-page document , leaked to the guardian , tells its candidates to tell women : ` conservatives are committed to ensuring equal opportunities for men and women in all aspects of their lives .. ` we are supporting women in work and providing greater financial security by reducing taxes , cutting the cost of childcare , addressing the gender pay gap and introducing shared parental leave . '. leaked documents reveal tory election chiefs have given their candidates a letter-writing kit to target farmers , pensioners , women and other target voters - as well as advice on how to respond to questions about certain subjects. the letter templates are aimed at what party headquarters describes as ` target groups ' in the electorate. the pack also says : ` women are vital to the success of the british economy , and because our long-term economic plan is working , there are now more women in work and more women running their own business than ever before ' .. a pensioner who has raised an issue may receive a letter that says : ` conservatives believe that if you have worked hard , saved , paid your taxes and done the right thing , you deserve dignity and financial security when you retire .. ` we want a country where you get something for something , not something for nothing . '. a tory spokesman refused to comment about the letter-writing guide .. but labour mp graham jones said : ` this pack contains thousands of words but , as usual with the tories , no answers .. ` rather than pumping out propaganda , what they should be doing is providing an explanation for their extreme plans , which would put the nhs at risk , and an answer as to whether they 'll give millionaires yet another tax break . '. green party activists have been told to dress in ` mainstream ' fashion while knocking on doors in a bid to win over sceptical voters .. a manual for the party 's supporters urges them to appear ` level headed ' and ` agreeable ' -- and even encourages them to compliment people 's homes .. the advice , which has been distributed among green campaigners in london , also provides stock answers to ease voters ' concerns about their radical plans to dismantle the army , legalise drugs and pay everybody # 72 a week no matter how rich they are .. a green campaigning manual urges activists to dress in ` mainstream ' fashion - unlike the campaigners pictured with the party 's only mp caroline lucas at a fracking protest at balcombe , west sussex ( above ). it comes amid growing scrutiny of the green party 's manifesto commitments after its membership surged to more than 50,000 , outnumbering the liberal democrats and ukip .. but the party 's surge in support was hit by a series of disastrous media appearances from the party 's leader natalie bennett in which she struggled to explain her key policies .. in february she suffered what she called a ` brain fade ' on lbc radio when she forgot the details of her party 's key housing policies .. ms bennett endured another tough interview yesterday - and was forced to defend her proposal to give every adult in britain a guaranteed weekly income .. she admitted the so-called ` citizens income ' -- which critics say would cost # 280billion -- would take longer than five years to bring in , and could take even longer .. ms bennett also admitted that another green pledge -- to dismantle the armed forces and use weapons factories to build wind turbines -- was also a ` long-term aspiration ' .. the party also supports leaving nato and abandoning nuclear weapons .. the green manual for volunteers aims to ease voters ' concerns over the party 's radical platform .
chelsea were made to work hard for their three points against stoke at stamford bridge on saturday but eden hazard starred for jose mourinho 's team .. he slotted chelsea ahead in typically composed fashion from the penalty spot before charlie adam equalised with an astonishing strike from inside his own half shortly before half time .. stoke continued to make things difficult for chelsea until an asmir begovic error led to loic remy tapping in the winner .. here , sportsmail 's kieran gill gives his player ratings .. never called into action in the opening 43 minutes but beaten by adam with an incredible strike from inside stoke 's half .. too far off his line and one of the world 's best goalkeepers was left embarrassed .. thibaut courtois was on the winning team but will want to forget charlie adam beating him from his own half. gary cahill ( left ) and john terry leap up to block an attempt at goal from stoke 's philipp wollscheid. tidied up well on the rare occasion stoke threatened .. played with more freedom once chelsea had the lead and tried to help in attack down the wing .. looked cool when called into action and was able to clear the danger as stoke tried to cross their way into the lead in the second half .. manned the back well and it took a goal-of-the-season contender for his team to concede against a stoke side that ran out of ideas at times .. always the man that remained at the back to kill off any threat .. tried to get forward and help hazard down the left .. closed down well and put in a tireless performance .. a few too many misplaced passes and a hurried clearance almost spelled danger for chelsea .. cleaned up well when needed to win back possession , however .. won the penalty with a clever cut back that fooled wollscheid .. kept the midfield ticking over well .. brazil international willian ( left ) also produced an impressive display for chelsea in the win over stoke. eden hazard put chelsea into the lead with from the penalty spot in the first half. diego costa 's ( right ) game was curtailed 10 minutes after coming on with what looked like a hamstring injury. a handful for stoke as he , oscar and hazard linked up well to create chances in the first half , though they were never taken .. never short of a run .. scuppered one of chelsea 's best chances to take the lead by placing his shot wide of the far post , and was ultimately -- and unfortunately -- sacrificed for costa at half time .. master of the one-two and creating chances .. ultimately kept his cool from the spot to give chelsea a much-needed lead before adam 's equaliser .. did n't look tired , despite his weariness during international break .. looked a worthy replacement for costa as he twice went close to giving chelsea the lead in the opening seven minutes .. scored in the second half when mourinho really needed it , and it was deserved .. loic remy ( left ) slots in chelsea 's winner against stoke in the second half at stamford bridge. came on but could do no damage as he was forced off with what looked like another hamstring injury .. immediately called to the bench for him to come off after 10 minutes on the field .. replaced costa after the striker went off with an injury .. had little to do but hold up the ball .. little to do but helped chelsea get over the line .. manager : jose mourinho -- 6.5. a frustrating afternoon for mourinho , who was active on the touchline throughout , looking unhappy and muttering to himself .. either way , it worked , and his team added three points to their title charge .. jose mourinho was active throughout the game on the touchline as chelsea beat stoke 2-1. outstanding one-handed save at full stretch to deny remy 's deflected shot after less than three minutes .. ultimately took a penalty for begovic to concede the first .. he 'd done his homework , going the same way hazard normally does , but beaten at the other side .. his throw was intercepted by willian which led to chelsea 's winner , though .. given the unwanted task of stopping hazard on his runs down the left wing on occasion .. stayed physical throughout , as per .. captained his team well on a ground that has been unkind to them previously , but ultimately could not help them steal a point .. took the bait from fabregas by sweeping the spaniard 's feet to give chelsea a penalty and ultimately the lead .. ryan shawcross ( right ) led stoke well but could not help his side take a point at stamford bridge. wollscheid ( right ) slides in on cesc fabregas to concede a penalty in the first half , from which hazard scored. a little unsure at times , largely down to a lack of communication between him and his team-mates .. strong in midfield but found it difficult to get involved as that area was dominated by the men in blue .. rightly booked for a late challenge on fabregas but did not see much of the ball as chelsea dominated midfield .. close with a controlled shot after a poor clearance by matic and again in the second half as he grazed the far post with a bouncing effort across goal .. could not take the few chances that fell his way .. steven nzonzi ( centre ) went close to scoring for stoke but ultimately did not impose himself on the game. charlie adam ( second left ) is mobbed by his team-mates after his astonishing strike levelled the scores. take a bow , charlie adam .. incredible goal as he channelled his inner david beckham and , noticing courtois off his line , scored from in his own half .. a little anonymous until that moment , but his faults were obliterated with that 66-yard strike .. little joy as stoke rarely threatened up top but tried to keep them in with a shot and held the ball well on occasion .. closely marked by terry throughout .. failed to make an impact and was substituted after 62 minutes for arnautovic .. jonathan walters ( left ) had little joy for stoke against chelsea on saturday , despite his hard work. mame biram diouf ( left ) floundered against chelsea 's stern defence at stamford bridge on saturday. too little too late to have an influence .. his team were constantly on the backfoot .. correct decision with the penalty .. not many controversial decisions to make aside from that , but had to be strict with bookings
dr christopher valentine ( pictured ) used his ipod to take illicit photos of patients , a tribunal heard. a doctor who was allowed to continue working after taking intimate photographs of patients has been caught doing it again , it emerged yesterday .. dr christopher valentine , 52 , was sacked from a sexual health clinic and hauled before the general medical council nine years ago for photographing half-naked male and female patients without consent .. his behaviour was branded ` inappropriate ' but he was not struck off and went to work at an nhs service for drug addicts and alcoholics .. however , the married doctor has been caught again after a nurse saw images of a semi-naked man on his ipod touch during a night out .. fiona white was stunned to find the pictures while looking at others he had taken of colleagues at a a leaving do .. valentine told her the image -- which appeared to be of a man 's genitals -- was of a patient 's heroin injection site , but miss white and another nurse who saw it were suspicious and decided to report him to his boss .. yesterday , the medical practitioners ' tribunal in manchester heard that miss white saw the pictures on the ipod in april 2013 at a leaving party for a member of clydebank community addiction team , a unit led by valentine that treats addicts near glasgow .. giving evidence at the fitness-to-practise hearing , miss white said : ` he started taking photographs around the table and i asked to have a look at them .. he handed me the device and i scrolled through and saw photos of people at the table and came across a photo of his cat .. ` i kept going and came across a photo of what i would describe as a male groin .. i did n't look close but i remember getting such a shock . '. miss white gasped at the image , prompting her colleague maria forrester , who was sitting next to her , to look at the ipod , too .. mrs forrester , a senior addiction nurse , said : ` in the blink of an eye i could see what she had reacted to .. it looked like it was a part of a male body .. a nurse was swiping through photographs of dr valentine 's pets when she came across an image of a semi-naked man , a tribunal. ` i remember dr valentine saying these were pictures of injection sites .. i think i did see genitals . '. mrs forrester said she met miss white later to discuss their concerns , adding : ` there was a consensus that both of us had seen a naked image of part of a male 's body . '. i was concerned that patients were being photographed without consent .. i thought i had to report this . '. i could n't think of any reason why that doctor would have pictures of patients ' groins . '. valentine told his boss he took the photos for teaching purposes and used his ipod because he was unable to use nhs equipment .. the fitness to practice hearing took place at the medical practitioners tribunal service ( pictured ) in manchester. but an investigation found he used the device to take 53 photos , some of vulnerable patients of both sexes .. some were stored on his home computer .. more than half had been deleted when the ipod was seized and had to be retrieved by it specialists .. valentine , of dunoon , west scotland , admitted ten allegations of taking photographs without medical reason or consent and showing them to colleagues .. he denied lying to his boss about how many he had taken and keeping them on his device until august 2013 .
justin rose might just have made the most important pencil mark of his entire career to put himself in contention at augusta this weekend .. the 2013 us open champion ended the day on seven under , sharing third place and is one of a handful of players hanging on to the coat tails of runaway leader jordan spieth .. but it took a neat bit of psychology to rescue his round after a disastrous start as he tried to build on his opening-day 67 .. rose bogeyed three of the first four holes , finding himself playing from the trees as he recovered from wayward tee shots .. and that was where the magic pencil line came to his rescue .. he revealed : ` i was feeling really uncomfortable with my game , so i drew a line on my scorecard at that point , like you draw a line in the sand .. justin rose battled back from a nightmare start and is in contention at augusta. rose tees off at the 18th as he now sits joint third , seven shots behind runaway leader jordan spieth. rose flips his club after hitting from a trap on the 13th during a decent round for the englishman. ` i told myself to move on and take one shot at a time .. i made a great birdie at the 5th and that rallied me , and after that i played with the same rhythm as the first day . '. the dramatic transformation was then followed by a spectacular back nine with birdies at both par threes , putting tee shots to within a few feet of the hole both times .. and 34-year-old rose believes the change of fortune can continue into the weekend .. he said : ` i 'm starting seven back and jordan has played beautifully so far , but we all know a lot can happen .. there 's magic out there on this course and it 's up to me to make something special happen . '. maybe ian poulter could borrow rose 's pencil after a disappointing day in which his putter could n't get going .. he was par for the round after bogeying the 18th and sits at one over for the tournament .. he said on twitter : ` really disappointed .. it 's simply unacceptable and disgraceful putting -- 34 putts for level par is pathetic . '. earlier , 19-year-old scot bradley neil had a tough day , shooting a 79 and finishing 13 over .. he has ben tipped for big things by rory mcilroy but admitted : ` i 'd prepared well for this , but it shows my game is not good enough yet , ' he admitted .. ` i need to work hard on it if i want to get back here . '
do you have white spots on your nails or bleeding gums ?. pimples on your arms or a dodgy stomach ?. these are in fact signs your body is under stress , a nutritionist has warned .. charlotte watts argues that stress drain nutrients from the body , meaning it shows up in some surprising ways .. these seven symptoms are an indicator you are stressed , warns nutritionist charlotte watts .. below , she recommends the best foods to get rid of each one. writing for the healthista website , she said : ` periods of stress use up nutrients more quickly .. ` this is because our whole system - including energy , brain responses , hormones and immunity - is working at a higher and faster rate . '. as a result , some symptoms associated with vitamin or mineral deficiencies can also be a warning sign of the deeper , long-term effects of chronic stress .. here , in an extract from her new book - the de-stress effect : rebalance your body 's systems for vibrant health and happiness - she reveals seven surprising signs of stress and what to eat to replenish lost nutrients .... cracks at the side of the mouth. those unpleasant little sore fissures we can get at the corners of the lips are a sure sign that b vitamin status is low and particularly b6 .. b vitamins are important for the health of the nervous system and are needed to get energy from the carbohydrates , fats and proteins that we eat , so we use them up during the energy-rich stress response .. cracks at the side of the mouth are a sign the body is low on vitamin b6. important for the nervous system , b6 is involved in the production of the neurotransmitters ( brain chemicals ) serotonin and dopamine that regulate mood and motivation and also melatonin , that governs sleep , so we also see these suffer when stress is prolonged .. we have a higher need for b6 with during contraceptive/hrt and antidepressant medication use .. food sources : carrots , chicken , eggs , fish , meat , peas , spinach , sunflower seeds , walnuts , avocados , bananas , beans , broccoli , brown rice , whole grains , cabbage , corn and potatoes. another b vitamin , b5 is often referred to as the anti-stress vitamin , as it helps with the production of adrenal hormones , cholesterol and immune antibodies , all of which have a higher turnover during the stress response .. note here that this cholesterol production is not all ` bad ' , we need it to produce new cells and the steroid hormones like cortisol and dhea that are part of the stress response .. long-term stress often shows up as jaw clamping and teeth grinding , partly as tensing muscles around the face increases brain alertness , which the body senses it needs to deal with danger , but it is also associated with lowered levels of b5 .. this vitamin is also needed for production of the memory neurotransmitter acetylcholine , which also calms us down after stress has past .. lowered levels mean difficulty self-soothing after stress has passed and the memory issues we see with chronic stress .. taking b vitamins together in supplement form ( eg .. in a b complex or a multivitamin ) is advised as they all work together for energy production and nervous system health .. food sources : beef , eggs , fresh vegetables , kidney , legumes , liver , mushrooms , nuts , saltwater fish , whole rye flour. sunflower seeds are a good source of zinc .. zinc is easily used up by stress , and a stressful period can often be charted from where white spots grow on the fingernails. although white spots on the nails are often assumed to be a calcium deficiency , it is actually another mineral loss they are indicating .. the mineral zinc is very important for many of the enzyme systems in the body , for immunity and for the production of hormones , including insulin and sex hormones .. it is the most abundantly used mineral in the body and allows energy production , but also all healing and replication ( like fertility and sexual health ) rely on good levels .. alternating constipation and diarrhoea is a sign of a magnesium deficiency. it is easily used up by stress and we can often chart a stressful period from where white spots appear grown from the nail bed .. zinc in plant foods is less bioavailable that in animal foods because it binds to phytate ( a fibre ) that makes it difficult to absorb , so vegetarians may want to consider a supplement of about 15-20mg a day .. food sources : fish , meat , sunflower seeds , pumpkin seeds , pine nuts , nuts , oysters and other shellfish , crab , rye flour , cheddar cheese. magnesium is an essential mineral with about 70 per cent in the bones and the remaining 30 per cent in the soft tissues and body fluids .. we use up massive amounts in the stress response and when we eat sugar .. our ability to calm muscles and brain after stress rely on this ` calming mineral ' and you can see a vicious cycle can be set up when stress depletes it and our coping capacity is diminished .. low levels are associated with classic stress-related symptoms like anxiety , irritability , insomnia , depression and muscle pains .. as the muscles of the digestive tract also rely on magnesium for calming and we feel stress keenly in the enteric nervous system in the gut , low levels often manifest there as difficulty regulated digestive muscle function and we can tend to constipation ( seizure ) or diarrhoea ( spasm ) .. often these can alternate as the body struggles to find ` normal ' .. plenty of food sources and perhaps a supplement of 300-500mg magnesium citrate a day may help .. food sources : buckwheat , nuts , soybeans , dark green vegetables , carrots , peas , sweet potato , sunflower and sesame seeds , lentils , avocado , cauliflower , fish , meat. vitamin c is an antioxidant and needed for at least 300 metabolic functions in the body .. it aids in the production of anti-stress hormones , interferon ( immune-system protein ) and is needed for the production of collagen , from which we make all body tissues .. this is why the classic vitamin c full-on deficiency , scurvy involves haemorrhaging -- body tissues are unable to be replenished and break down .. citrus fruits are a rich source of vitamin c .. if the body is deficient in this nutrient some people suffer bleeding gums and bruise easily. a very mild form of this can be seen in easy bruising and bleeding gums when brushing teeth , signs we are probably using up vitamin c very quickly in the stress response .. other signs of deficiency include susceptibility to infection/colds and difficulty recovering from illness .. it is depleted by smoking , alcohol , analgesics , oral contraceptives , steroids and with antidepressant use .. food sources : berries , citrus fruits , green vegetables , asparagus , avocados , broccoli , brussels sprouts , cantaloupe , kale , mangos , onions , papayas , green peas , pineapple , radishes , spinach , strawberries , tomatoes and watercresss. hard pimples at the top of arms and thighs. hard spots at the top of the thighs and arms reveal a vitamin e deficiency. follicular keratosis is also associated with lowered vitamin a levels , as it is also a fat-soluble antioxidant and works with vitamin e.. another nutrient that can contribute to easy bruising , vitamin e is a fat-soluble antioxidant that protects fatty body areas and is needed for fertility -- the meaning of the greek word tocopherol , its chemical name .. low levels of vitamin e and also omega oils can be seen as hardened , raised pimples at the tops of arms and legs that show abnormal skin growth called follicular keratosis , where too much of the skin protein keratin builds up .. vitamin e may also help with improved circulation , the promotion of normal blood clotting , scarring , blood pressure and enhanced sperm production .. food sources : cold-pressed vegetable oils , dark green leafy vegetables , legumes , nuts , seeds , whole grains , brown rice , eggs , kelp , milk , oatmeal , organ meats , soybeans , sweet potatoes and watercress. vitamin a is essential for night vision ( yes , carrots can help you see in the dark ! ). and the health and resiliency against infection of the outer skin and the mucous membranes that line the respiratory , gastrointestinal and urinary tracts .. stress can cause people have trouble shifting colds and they commonly move to the chest and throat .. increasing vitamin a - found in fish liver oils can help replenish the body. when you have trouble shifting colds and they commonly move to the chest and throat , increasing levels through plenty of greens and ( if you eat ) high-quality organic meat can help , in a stew helps deliver the nutrients efficiently and hydrate tissues at the same time .. sufficient supply of zinc is needed to mobilise and release stores of vitamin a.. food sources : animal livers , fish liver oils and green , red , orange and yellow fruits and vegetables .. foods that contain significant amounts include apricots , asparagus , broccoli , cantaloupe , carrots , papayas , peaches , pumpkin , red peppers , spinach , watercress and yellow squash. charlotte watts is a nutritionist , yoga teacher and author of new book the de-stress effect : rebalance your body 's systems for vibrant health and happiness .. her work has focussed on how nutrition and yoga can meet to help people cope with the type of demands we face in the 21st century .. she has also authored the de-stress diet ( with anna magee ) , 100 top recipes for happy kids , 100 best foods for pregnancy and 100 foods to stay young .
one-eyed police killer dale cregan has been sent to the same psychiatric hospital as moors murderer ian brady after going on hunger strike for the second time .. the 31-year-old has reportedly been transferred from hmp manchester , formerly strangeways , to ashworth hospital , a high-security psychiatric unit in maghull , merseyside .. cregan , who was jailed for life after shooting police officers fiona bone and nicola hughes in 2012 , was said to have started refusing food at the category a jail after being moved to solitary confinement .. one-eyed police murderer dale cregan ( above left ) has reportedly been moved from the category a prison to the same secure psychiatric hospital as moors murderer ian brady ( above right ). a source said told the sun : ` he 's playing the system .. ` if he 's offered a move he likes , he will start eating . '. brady , who was jailed for life in 1966 , was sent to ashworth hospital over 30 years ago .. together with myra hindley , who died in prison in 2002 , he tortured and murdered five children in greater manchester between 1963 and 1965 .. in 2013 a mental health tribunal ruled that brady should stay at ashworth , despite the notorious killer arguing that he was not suffering from paranoid schizophrenia and should go back to jail .. cregan , who lost an eye in a brawl , was told he would die in prison when he was jailed for life without parole in june 2013 .. he was already on the run for the murders of david short , 46 , and son mark , 23 , when he killed the two policewomen after luring them to a house with a fake 999 call before shooting them 32 times on the doorstep and then throwing a grenade at them .. it was claimed he was sent to solitary confinement at hmp manchester last month after being caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his cell .. before the fallout sources told the daily star sunday that cregan had an enhanced status and was allowed additional time in the games area and yard , as well as a flat-screen tv and dvd player in his room .. sources reportedly claimed that the police killer was ` playing the system ' after being moved to ashworth hospital in merseyside ( pictured above ). the 31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in hmp manchester ( pictured above ) , formerly strangeways , after going on hunger strike for the second time. brady ( artists impression from when he gave evidence at a mental health tribunal , left ) together with myra hindley ( pictured right ) , who died in prison in 2002 , tortured and murdered five children in greater manchester between 1963 and 1965. but the benefits were taken off him after he was caught smuggling for a second time .. ` cregan has burned all his bridges in here , ' the source reportedly told the newspaper .. ` he has not eaten since he was sent into segregation . '. ashworth hospital offers comfortable bedrooms and patients are allowed personal items such as cds , photos and books .. art and music workshops , pottery and cooking classes , and social events such as bingo and film nights are also offered to the patients .. a spokesman for the ministry of justice said that they do not comment on individuals .. he was jailed for life after shooting police officers fiona bone ( left ) and nicola hughes ( right ) in 2012
ravi opi , kavre district , nepal ( cnn ) by the time you reach the outskirts of nepal 's capital , even the roads are showing signs of the sheer magnitude of this earthquake -- and the enormity of the task awaiting a country struggling to come to terms with devastation and tragedy .. the main highway that heads east out of kathmandu shows massive cracks , the tarmac torn apart by the force of saturday 's huge tremor .. one lane is bisected by gaping , half-meter ( 1.5 feet ) fissures .. they 've been filled in with rubble and dirt , allowing passage for those desperate citizens to reach their families in outlying districts .. it takes an age , though , picking our way along damaged roads to a small village community , ravi opi .. it is only 30 kilometers ( 20 miles ) east of kathmandu but the journey takes almost two hours -- and the travel times likely to be compounded the farther out from the city people go .. the community is off the main highway , down a dirt track that quickly finds itself winding through forested slopes and terraced fields .. they farm corn here , and millet , and vegetables .. compared to the capital , and the regions west of kathmandu and closer to the epicenter , the people here were relatively lucky .. still , passing through villages it 's clear that damage has been suffered .. in ravi opi a village official walks quickly by , telling us over his shoulder that 90 % of the houses are currently uninhabitable .. some are still standing , but seem precarious and the residents are too scared of aftershocks to move back inside .. patchy reports have filtered through of entire villages leveled by the quake or engulfed by landslides .. maili tamang , 62 , is alive , but surveys the desolation the quake has wreaked on her life .. we find her sitting as close as she can to the ruins of the house that she built with her late husband .. she 's petite and frail but hardened by life .. her leg , bandaged and suppurating , is stretched out in front of her .. she periodically flicks at the flies that have settled on the blood - and pus-soaked dressing .. " i just want to cry , all i feel is hurt " she says , showing us where she was the moment the earthquake struck .. tamang 's house was one of the bigger ones in this region , a rare two-story structure .. she and her husband built it together , a lifetime ago .. he died years ago , but her extended family lived here with her until saturday .. she , along with her daughter-in-law were indoors when the quake struck , and she was lucky to make it out onto a small wooden balcony .. another tremor brought this down and she had to extricate herself from the rubble and crawl up an embankment .. the younger woman , trapped in the wreckage after the roof fell in on her , eventually clawed her way out .. she was transported by motorbike -- few here have motorized transportation ; most walk -- to a missionary hospital in a neighboring village , 12 kilometers ( 7.4 miles ) away from here .. now she is back , wondering what the next step for her is .. throughout this region , there have been small landslides and people have been industrious in clearing rubble from the roads .. there is little sign of aid having made it out here .. out of necessity people are back working their fields .. near the road a family makes lunch in the open as their house was destroyed .. elsewhere in ravi opi , other unfortunate families count the cost of the disaster .. mahesh koiraba , 31 , lost his only daughter , prati in the quake , who was killed as their house collapsed .. she was 2 years old .. he was working when the quake hit , tilling the fields like so many in kavre , and ran back to his house after quickly realizing the force of the tremor .. " i started digging with my hands , " he says , still very much in shock , but remembering his frantic efforts among the remains of his damaged home .. " and i saw her , blood was trickling from her mouth and she was covered in cuts . ". all he has left now is a picture in his phone ; a chubby-faced toddler , wearing oversized sunglasses .. as rain starts falling -- soon turning into torrents and further hampering recovery efforts -- we huddle with four families who have been displaced .. they 're in a makeshift , ramshackle shelter , crowded with frightened people .. i ask one of the young women , osminda koirale , with me if she has seen any sign of outside help .. " no , no government has any support for us .. no one has come out to see that we 're living like this . ". she said it was terrifying , and the future no less so .. " our house is gone now .. we do n't know where we sit , what we eat .. we do n't have any clothes , all our clothes are inside .. we ca n't go inside our houses . ". there was a creeping sense that the worst was over , until another powerful aftershock overnight .. " we are not safe ... we are so scared , " osminda tells me .. and all this a mere 90 minutes drive from the capital .. there are parts of nepal so remote it takes days to reach under normal circumstances -- there are villages here that one can only reach on foot and it is those areas that were hardest hit .. these are the places where aid has yet to arrive , and where no one really knows the full extent of human loss or how many tragedies like the one at this home have unfolded .. arwa damon reported from kavre district in nepal and euan mckirdy wrote from hong kong
downton abbey fans left reeling that the hit show is coming to an end can rejoice -- for the sharp-tongued dowager countess is among a clutch of characters who may return to our screens .. played by dame maggie smith in the itv drama , violet , countess of grantham may be coming back in the new american show the gilded age , from downton creator julian fellowes .. made by the us network nbc , the gilded age will be set among the high society families of new york in the late 19th century -- meaning that violet will be seen as her far younger self , with events taking place decades before the first series of downton abbey .. played by dame maggie smith in the itv drama , violet , countess of grantham may be coming back in the new american show the gilded age. there may also be a place for robert , the earl of grantham , and his wife cora , who is american-born .. lord fellowes told the mail on sunday : ` robert grantham would be in his early teens , cora would be a child .. a young violet could make an appearance . '. he said that plans for the series had yet to be finalised , adding : ` we 'll have to see . '. sources at nbc said last week the network ` is buzzing ' about the gilded age , which will focus on the robber barons and get-rich-quick industrialists such as cornelius vanderbilt , john jacob astor and john d. rockefeller who accumulated gigantic fortunes in the late 19th century .. the source said scouts were seeking ` the american downton ' , saying : ` one of the vanderbilt mansions is a front-runner .. julian wants a month off after finishing downton , but then it is full steam ahead . '. nbc president robert greenblatt told a meeting of tv critics he hoped the gilded age would ` come to life sometime next season ' -- which could mean it is on air as early as september .. the sixth and final series of downton abbey goes out later this year on itv .. set in 19th century new york and focusing on the city 's most privileged families , american-born cora ( played by elizabeth mcgovern ) may also reappear
stephanie scott has been remembered as a ` beautiful friend ' who brought laughter to her loved ones , in a touching funeral service on wednesday .. hundreds of people gathered at eat your greens , just outside eugowra in nsw 's central west , to pay their respects to the beloved teacher who was allegedly murdered on easter sunday , just days before her wedding .. among the mourners were her fiance and partner of five years aaron leeson-woolley , who was dressed in a black bow tie with a yellow flower pinned to his shirt , her mother merrilyn , father robert , and her siblings .. stephanie scott 's fiance aaron leeson-woolley was sitting between ms scott 's parents merrilyn and robert , wearing a yellow flower pinned to his shirt. the teacher 's mother and father are pictured here , remembering their daughter 's life and how much laughter she had brought to them. hundreds of yellow balloons were released by those attending stephanie scott 's funeral in central-west nsw on wednesday. the funeral for the murdered leeton school teacher was held in eugowra , where hundreds gathered to farewell the teacher. her sister , kim , shared humorous childhood memories of ms scott with the crowd and painted a picture of someone with a strong sense of who she was .. ` steph never cared what anyone thought of her , ' kim said .. ` she had an easy way about her that meant she could get along with anyone . '. leeton shire mayor paul maytom said ms scott 's mother spoke about her daughter 's life and what a big part of the family she was .. ` she brought laughter to the family [ by playing tricks and telling jokes ] , ' he said .. one of the beloved teacher 's students , leeton high school vice captain grace green , said ms scott - an english and drama teacher - was an inspiration to her students .. grace , who had been taught by the 26-year-old since year 8 , said she enjoyed her excursions with her teacher , remembering ` fish and chips at circular quay ' fondly .. ms scott 's fiance , aaron leeson-woolley ( pictured ) later took his place as pall bearer. friends and family wore a touch of yellow to remember ms scott , here parents are awaiting the pall bearers. ms scott 's coffin was carried to the hearse before it pulled away from the venue she was supposed to get married at. police escorted the young teacher as her casket left the venue. ` ms scott always knew how to brighten a day , ' she said .. the ceremony ended with mourners releasing hundreds of yellow balloons into the air as the song ` home ' by edward sharpe and the magnetic zeros played .. ms scott 's fiance , aaron leeson-woolley , appeared visibly distressed as he took his place as pall bearer .. a piano version of train 's ` hey soul sister ' added to the sombre moment her casket was carried away from the service .. other songs played were the killers ' ` be still ' and keith urban 's ` making memories of us ' .. mourners filled the white chairs put out for the outdoor funeral service at eat your greens , where the bride-to-be was meant to marry fiance aaron leeson-woolley just days after she was went missing .. in front of the hundreds of people who will paid their respects to ms scott , who disappeared on easter sunday , her white casket stood covered in colourful flowers , including yellow - which has become a sign of mourning for the teacher across new south wales ' central west .. her white casket stood covered in colourful flowers , in front of chairs soon to be filled with hundreds of mourners. a window memorial for stephanie scott invited passers by to add a tribute via post-it notes in the street of canowindra. publican peter hodge of the central hotel , eugowra bows his head in respect as the hearse carrying ms scott turns into the escort way while he was adorning the street signs with yellow ribbon. guests were handed a book on arrival filled with dozens of photographs showing the life and times of the vibrant young woman .. giving insight into the life of the leeton teacher , the handbook feature photographs from ms scott 's childhood , shows her blowing out the candles on a birthday cake during her teen years , and posing with fiance aaron leeson-woolley later in her life .. earlier in the day and just down the road from the venue , people in eugowra and canowindra painted the town the same colour as a sign of respect for the beloved teacher .. yellow balloons and streamers , along with messages written on yellow paper , decorated the streets .. on a shop front window , locals and strangers have penned tributes on yellow post-it notes which were arranged in the shape of a heart , encircling a photo of ms scott .. ahead of her funeral the family of the man accused of ms scott 's murder offered their condolences to the teacher 's family , friends and fiance .. vincent stanford , 24 , a cleaner at the leeton school where ms scott worked , has been charged with her murder and will appear in court in june .. mourners have covered the town in yellow , a colour which has become synonymous with ms scott in nsw 's central-west. memorials are visible all over the regional town , and most businesses shut down for the afternoon in honour of ms scott. ms scott 's friend katrina slattery remembered the teacher as a ` lovely , lovely person ' and a ` beautiful friend '. friend katrina slattery , 41 , who joined the hundreds of mourners on tuesday , said the teacher would be terribly missed .. ms scott had lived in canowindra , from where ms slattery also hailed , before she moved to teach at leeton high school .. ` she was a lovely , lovely person .. she was a beautiful friend , ' ms slattery told daily mail australia .. ` it 's wrecked everyone in canowindra .. they 're all feeling the loss .. ` there 's not a bad word said against her . '
peter morris was devastated when his sister , claire , died in a car crash when she was just 32 .. only a year before , he had walked her down the aisle to give her away to her husband , malcolm webster , from surrey , then aged 33 , who seemed equally bereft at the loss of his wife .. peter , from gillingham , kent , believed claire had died in a tragic accident that happened in aberdeen , scotland , in 1994 .. peter morris , left , was devastated when his sister , claire , pictured right on her hen do , died in a car crash. it took two decades for the truth to be revealed - claire had in fact been murdered by webster so he could cash in on her life insurance .. webster had drugged his wife at their home in the scottish village of tarves , where they had settled after their wedding , before taking her for a drive .. he then deliberately crashed their car and , after making his own escape , set it on fire so claire had no hope of survival .. last year claire 's story was turned into an itv drama starring sheridan smith .. and now peter has gone in front of the cameras to talk about his grief and to reveal the shocking detail of his sister 's death , which he is still coming to terms with 21 years later .. ` the fire brigade said it was the most intense fire they had ever seen from a mile away , the flames were leaping 20 , 30 feet , it was just ridiculous , ' peter reveals on the latest episode of britain 's darkest taboos . '. a very brave fireman tried to retrieve what was left of claire .. there was n't much left of her , poor love . '. peter said he was shocked and heartbroken when he was told his sister , a qualified nurse , had lost her life in just terrible circumstances .. claire and malcolm webster pictured on their wedding day in 1993 , the following year he murdered her. he had no reason to suspect webster , who claire had met at a party , had drugged and then burned her alive .. claire had been besotted with him and was delighted when they tied the knot in 1993 .. peter recalls : ` he seemed like the perfect gentleman which is exactly what she would have wanted .. he was a sort of colin firth type character . '. he said he and webster consoled one another at the funeral and peter believed he was suffering just as much as he was .. ` he did n't say a lot at the funeral , he appeared to be in a complete state of shock as well , ' he said .. ` we were all standing round the graveside , in my right hand i was holding on to malcolm 's left hand . '. i was in floods of tears , and i looked at malcolm , and he , he was also in floods of tears .. and that more than anything else convinced me that it had been a genuine accident . '. for years peter continued to believe the car crash had been accidental , and while some officers who investigated the scene of the crash had their misgivings , they had no concrete evidence to suggest anything different .. felicity drumm , pictured on britain 's darkest taboos , was webster 's second wife .. he attempted to kill her in circumstances similar to claire 's death. peter lost touch with his brother-in-law when webster moved to new zealand - but it was there that his true colours were revealed when he tried to murder again .. he married felicity drumm and they had son together .. unbeknownst to felicity , he started faking her signature to take out life insurance polices in her name and also began poisoning her like he had done to claire .. felicity also appears on britain 's darkest taboos and reveals how it felt to be drugged .. she said : ` these episodes would often begin with a feeling of blurred vision or double vision and unsteadiness on my feet , my speech was sometimes become a little bit slurred , i would stagger around as if i was drunk and then would fall into a deep sleep . '. she could n't believe her husband could be the cause of her illness but a pattern was forming .. ` these events occurred after he had prepared a meal or a drink for me , they were always at the weekends , never inconveniently when i had to be able to go to work , ' she said .. then in circumstances similar to claire 's death , in 1999 she was driven by webster to a remote location when she was feeling tired and drowsy .. it seems webster could have been about to commit murder again - until he was interrupted by a phone call from felicity 's concerned parents .. felicity recalls how webster was angry that the call had woken her up and urged her to ignore it but she persuaded him to drive her home so she could see her father .. webster then fled while felicity learned some shocking truths from her parents .. webster pictured in 2011 when he was jailed for life after being found guilty of murder. ` we discovered that he 'd opened up a private mail box , he had redirected all of our mail including bank mail which had prevented me from discovering that gradually the account was being fleeced , ' she said .. ` there were enquiries to real estate agents back in the cornwall and devon area suggesting he would be returning shortly to the uk with his infant son .. at the bottom of his briefcase there was a total of nine life insurance policies , which collectively was in excess of a million dollars on my death , and they had my signature forged on them . '. chillingly , they also discovered a petrol canister in her car and felicity is convinced she narrowly escaped death that day .. webster went on the run back to the uk while felicity reported him to the new zealand police .. after investigating , they urged scottish police to reopen the case into claire 's death .. the lead officer in the case was charles henry .. he said : ` the original fatal road accident was highly suspicious and it bore all the hallmarks of what was happening in new zealand .. at that particular point we were facing a highly dangerous individual who was a threat to any women that he was going to be with . '. felicity pictured in 2011 when she gave evidence against webster during the trial in which he was dubbed ` the black widower '. however , it would take years for the police to build a strong enough case to prove claire 's death was not an accident and gain enough evidence to charge webster .. by then , he was back living in scotland and was planning to marry another woman who had no idea of his murderous history .. in may 2011 , after a long running trial during which he was dubbed ` the black widower ' , webster was found guilty of murdering claire , attempting to murder felicity and attempting to bigamously marry a third woman to gain access to her estate .. now aged 55 , he is currently serving a life sentence with a minimum term of 30 years . '. i think his sentence aptly reflects the horribleness of his crimes , and the fact that he feels no remorse , that it was all premeditated and , given the opportunity he was about to do it again , ' said felicity , who gave evidence against the father of her child at his trial .. peter , who had to wait 21 years to get justice for claire , said he and his family can now finally move on even though their lives will never be the same again .. peter says claire 's death nearly destroyed their family but now they are rebuilding their lives. he said : ` if anything it taught me that you just have to be a little bit more cautious in life as to who you trust and when you trust them , because we could all be living next door to the next malcolm webster .. ` it was an experience that did nearly destroy me and it nearly destroyed my family but thank god it did n't and thank god over a period of time we 've managed to put the pieces back together and move on . '. britain 's darkest taboos continues with the black widower murdered my sister on sunday 12 april at 9pm , only on ci
( cnn ) the best part of the supreme court oral arguments about marriage equality was when justice ruth bader ginsburg alluded to s&m .. ok , she did n't actually mention s&m , but ginsburg talked about how the institution of marriage has already changed from long ago , when it was " a dominant and a subordinate relationship . ". " yes , it was marriage between a man and a woman , but the man decided where the couple would be domiciled , " said ginsburg .. " it was her obligation to follow him . ". mary bonauto , the attorney arguing on behalf of the four same-sex couples who petitioned the supreme court , said in response : " that 's correct .. ... for centuries we had and europe had this coverture system where a woman 's legal identity was absorbed into that of her husband and men and women had different prescribed legal roles .. and again , because of equality and changing social circumstances , all of those gender differences in the rights and responsibilities of the married pair have been eliminated . ". once upon a time , wives were the legal property of their husbands and " marital rape " was not only not a crime but not even a concept .. to argue that the definition of marriage has not changed since then is either willfully ignorant or woefully naïve .. justice anthony kennedy , widely believed to be the key swing vote amidst a court otherwise generally evenly divided along ideological lines , at one point referred to " the nobility and the sacredness of marriage . ". which is true , if you ignore the history of its past and the reality of infidelity in the present .. if anything , the nobility and sacredness of marriage need protecting from straight people .. one downside to arguing that marriage has " always been " between a man and a woman is that , therefore , any problems in the institution of marriage are also plainly the responsibility of heterosexual couples , too .. the one justice who did n't ask a question is clarence thomas , who , with one slight exception , has now gone over nine years without a single inquiry from the bench .. it should be carefully noted here that thomas is a black man married to a white woman .. anti-miscegenation laws banning interracial marriage were first introduced in 1661 in maryland .. that means that by 1967 , when the supreme court considered the constitutionality of such laws , bans against interracial marriage had been officially part of the american " definition " of marriage for over 300 years .. just 20 years after the supreme court struck down the anti-miscegenation laws still in effect in 16 states , clarence thomas and his wife , virginia , were married .. james braxton peterson , director of africana studies at lehigh university , has written , " the fact that the thomas ' marriage required progressive supreme court action must in some way inform their sense of this moment . ". clarence thomas did n't say one way or the other , though his remarks outside court and in dissenting opinions suggest he 's firmly opposed to the supreme court doing for other loving relationships what it once did for his own .. but perhaps the example of clarence thomas speaks to what seems most glaring about the oral arguments in the marriage equality cases , namely that just as with the rest of america , the supreme court seems to have increasingly become a place for partisan theatrics .. perhaps this was always the case , justices hiding their personal beliefs behind legal rationales .. still , the marriage equality arguments seemed even more shaped by politics than the law .. on the one hand , pulling pages right from republican presidential candidates , conservative chief justice john roberts suggested the court should n't intervene in a state-driven social debate .. aping conservative religious activists , justice samuel alito asked whether four people could then get married .. on the other hand , justice stephen breyer talked about marriage as a fundamental liberty while justice elena kagan pushed back on whether legalizing same-sex marriage would really harm or take anything away from opposite-sex couples .. both arguments , and the moral force beneath them , seemed to echo gay rights messaging .. still , the highly political and momentous decision in loving vs. virginia was unanimous .. whichever way the court rules on same-sex marriage , it appears unlikely the ruling will be unanimous .. so , while the definition of marriage has unarguably evolved , a fact hopefully the supreme court will soon confirm with a ruling in favor of marriage equality , what 's also clear is that the court has evolved .. blown by the winds of partisanship whipping up america in general , the supreme court is increasingly divorced from reason and submissive to politics .. the question remains not what is fundamentally the right decision -- i think both law and morality are clear in favor of equal treatment .. the question is simply which side of the court will dominate the other .
everton stars leighton baines and luke garbutt visited alder hey children 's hospital on wednesday to spread some easter cheer for the young patients and their families .. the toffees duo handed out easter eggs and posed for photographs in the wards of the west derby hospital following their training session on wednesday .. speaking during the visit , baines said : ` us visiting with chocolate eggs can feel pretty insignificant in comparison to what the kids are going through , what they 're in here for and the period of time they 've been here , but then you speak to some of the parents , they really appreciate you just coming in and breaking the day up .. leighton baines ( left ) and luke garbutt paid a visit to alder hey children 's hospital on wednesday. despite being a liverpool fan , this youngster looked thrilled to meet the everton duo. ` some of the kids i recognised from when we visited at christmas and they have n't been home since so every day is the same and it 's really tough for them .. ` you see unbelievable strength and character here , you look at what some of the kids are going through , it 's so tough and yet they 're still smiling .. hopefully we 've brightened the day up even if it 's just for a short period of time . '. garbutt and baines will now be turning their attention to everton 's premier league clash against southampton on saturday .. roberto martinez 's side have endured a difficult season , but will head into the match on the back of two consecutive victories against newcastle and qpr .. everton and england defender baines talks to a young patient after giving her several easter eggs. baines hailed the ` unbelievable strength and character ' of the children at alder hey children 's hospital. the 30-year-old will be back in action for everton on saturday following his spell with england
ahead of the 79th edition of the masters , sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at augusta national golf club .. mark o'meara celebrates his winning putt in 1998. aged 41 , mark o'meara 's chances of a major championship appeared to have gone despite a fine career and many victories on the pga tour .. but o'meara shot two birdies in three holes from the 15th on sunday and a good approach into the 18th left him with a 20-footer to beat david duval and fred couples .. in the manner of his great friend tiger woods , he drained it .. and he was soon handed his green jacket by woods in the butler cabin .. click here to watch the video. 19 billy joe patton , 1954. billy joe patton came within a stroke of perhaps the biggest masters shock of all but narrowly missed out on a play-off with sam snead and ben hogan .. but for a short while it had appeared that an amateur golfer could topple two of the greatest ever to play the game , thanks to his hole-in-one on the par-three sixth on sunday .. sadly , patton 's hopes were ultimately shot down by a double bogey on the 13th attempting to fly rae 's creek and reach the green in two .. otherwise his ace would have featured near the very top of this list .. billy joe patton hits on the 13th hole ... the scene of the double-bogey which ultimately cost him victory. click here for the second part of our countdown , featuring videos of shots from the likes of jack nicklaus , bubba watson and tiger woods .... seve 's second masters victory featured what he called ` the best golf of my life ' over the first four holes , and one 205-yard 2-iron on the fourth was utterly spectacular .. but nothing quite sums up the genius of the late , great spaniard than the way he clinched his four-shot victory over tom kite and ben crenshaw .. an up and down for a bogey would have comfortably sewn up his victory , but showman seve was having none of it and chipped in for a par four .. byron nelson found himself a somewhat daunting six shots behind ralph guldahl in the final round of the 1937 tournament .. but his comeback was complete on the par-five 13th after he found the cup with a chip for eagle from off the green , while his rival could only manage bogey .. lord byron came from four strokes down to two ahead in just 25 minutes , and went on to win the first of his five majors by that same margin .. byron nelson and club member alfred bourne at the presentation ceremony in 1937. ok , so this is n't actually during the masters itself , but have you ever seen anything like it ?. the big fijian won the green jacket in 2000 but may not have hit a finer shot than this one during the annual par-three tournament on the wednesday before the 2009 edition .. vijay skimmed his ball across a lake and watched as it rolled onto the green and into the cup for an ace .. you 'll need to see it to believe it .. with dark descending , in dank drizzle and with wind whipping the course , nick faldo became only the second briton ever to win the masters after a play-off with scott hoch .. his nerveless approach over the water on the 11th hole was good , but the putt was even better .. faldo recalled how his caddie , andy prodger , told him it was too dark to see the line of the shot , but he stroked it pure and right into the heart of the cup .. click here to watch the shot. nick faldo celebrates his brilliant putt to win the masters in a play-off in 1989. charl schwartzel 's victory three years ago is most famous for his rip-roaring finish - four birdies in the final four holes sealed his first major title - but his start was no less incredible .. after missing the first green , the south african somehow chipped in from 100 feet for a remarkable birdie .. and then , on the third , he slam-dunked his approach from the fairway for an eagle two .. two incredible shots , but the gods truly were smiling on schwartzel that day .. click here to watch the video. charl schwartzel ( right ) is presented with his green jacket by phil mickelson in 2011. phil mickelson had long carried the burden of being known as ` the best player never to have won a major ' - just ask lee westwood how wearisome that feels .. lefty had a string of near-misses behind him - six second and third places - when he went toe-to-toe with ernie els over the back nine at augusta that sunday .. and it all came down to the final green as phil the thrill sank an 18-footer for birdie under huge pressure to cast off that unwanted reputation once and for all .. imagine playing in your very first masters ... and standing over a putt to win , in a sudden-death play-off .. it was the first time the masters had been decided in such a way , was played in the gathering gloom and also included ed sneed and the great tom watson .. in near darkness , zoeller held his nerve to sink his birdie putt on the 11th hole and make history .. some might argue that this is the best shot in masters history - but some would also say it was n't even the best shot of the day ( see the countdown from 10-1 ) .. whatever , it 's hard to think of a more perfectly envisioned , controlled and executed long iron in the history of the game .. oosthuizen catapulted himself into the lead ( and an eventual play-off ) with this 253-yard approach into the par-five second hole that pitched on a sixpence at the front of the green .. from then on , it was never going anywhere other than the centre of the cup .. louis oosthuizen raises his arms and soaks it all in after holing out for an albatross at augusta in 2012
( cnn ) they 're not gon na take it anymore .. twisted sister says that its 2016 tour will be its last , according to a press release .. next year marks the band 's 40th anniversary , and to celebrate , the tour is being titled " forty and f*ck it . ". " it 's official : farewell , " twisted sister singer dee snider posted on facebook .. snider also noted that the band will play with a new drummer , mike portnoy of adrenaline mob .. portnoy replaces a.j. pero , who died march 20 .. the band will also perform two shows in pero 's honor : one at las vegas ' hard rock hotel and casino , the other at the starland ballroom in sayreville , new jersey .. the latter is in support of pero 's family .. twisted sister 's biggest hit , " we 're not gon na take it , " hit the top forty in 1984 and was featured in a popular video .
a second suspect has been charged in the stabbing death of a married lawyer at an upscale washington d.c. hotel .. jamyra gallmon of washington was arrested last week and charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing david messerschmitt , 30 , on february 9 at the boutique donovan hotel .. according to a police affidavit filed in court on thursday , she stole just $ 40 and the victim 's metro smartrip card .. her roommate - and alleged girlfriend - 19-year-old dominique johnson was arrested on wednesday and is accused of being an accomplice .. jamyra gallmon , right , has been charged in the stabbing death of a lawyer at an upscale washington hotel stole just $ 40 and the victim 's metro smartrip card , while dominique johnson , left , has been charged with conspiracy to commit armed robbery. she has been charged with conspiracy to commit armed robbery and made an initial appearance in d.c. superior court on thursday during which she denied the charge against her .. according to court documents , johnson was charged because she knew gallmon was going to rob messerschmitt .. she also allegedly accompanied gallmon to cvs to buy the zip ties used to tie the victim up .. according to documents , after gallmon returned from the hotel , she told johnson that the robbery ` went badly . '. when johnson was arrested on wednesday , she had two metro cards , including messerschmitt 's card which had been used on april 1 .. gallmon has a court hearing scheduled for friday , but that has now been rescheduled until may 8 .. she is being held without bond .. the woman has admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale hotel with the intention of robbing him .. gallmon , who was seen on surveillance camera entering the hotel wearing androgynous clothing , told detectives that the robbery went wrong when messerschmitt grabbed her arm , causing a flashback to a time when she had been assaulted .. the affidavit stated that the pair got into a struggle and the defendant pulled a knife from her pants and stabbed the victim repeatedly until he fell to the floor where she stabbed him several more times .. the victim was found with multiple stab wounds to the back , groin and abdomen along with one wound which pierced his heart and another which hit his spinal cord .. david messerschmitt ( pictured with his wife kim ) was found dead in his dc hotel room in february .. an affidavit revealed that he had been soliciting sex from men through craigslist. gallmon was caught on surveillance video entering the hotel where messerschmitt was killed on february 9. his hands had been bound with zip-ties into a pair of makeshift cuffs .. his hands were covered in defensive wounds .. her attorney asserted in court that it was a case of ` imperfect self-defense . '. court documents concerning a rent dispute confirm gallmon and johnson as roomates .. about two weeks after messerschmitt was killed , the two were ordered by a d.c. superior court judge to pay $ 1,860 in rent owed since january .. a neighbor of the two women said he was surprised that they could be mixed up in such a crime .. ` they were great neighbors .. they never made much noise , nothing out of the ordinary .. great people , ' tony johnson told wusa9 .. he said he believed they were also lovers .. messerschmitt had texted his wife kim vuong at 7.45 pm on february 9 to tell her he would be home in an hour after leaving his law office .. he never returned and the next day he was found dead at his hotel room with ` various credit cards strewn about ' .. he death was declared a homicide .. jamyra gallmon , 21 , ( pictured graduating from her military academy high school ) has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed for allegedly stabbing to death 30-year-old david messerschmitt on february 9. among the items recovered from the room were a computer , lubricant , condoms , cell phone and enema kit .. fingerprints were also found in the room .. investigators discovered that messerschmitt had posted a craigslist ad on february 9 , soliciting responses from other men , using ` dcguy456 ' .. the lawyer began an exchange with an individual , using the name ` chrissanchez0906 ' , around 2pm which continued throughout the day .. messerschmitt told the individual his room number at the hotel and gave a meeting time of 7pm - 7.30 pm .. the email address that the lawyer had been in contact with was linked to gallmon .. on a search of the woman 's dc apartment , police found a knife , black boots and gloves , and a pack of zip ties .. a discussion in the comments section of a queerty.com article about mr messerschmitt 's murder in february included users referencing interactions with an individual using the handle ` dcguy456 ' .. one commenter said that ` dcguy456 ' had previously posted on the 'm 4m ' ( men for men ) section of craigslist and identified himself as bisexual .. on the left , another view of the security footage of jamyra gallmon at the washington hotel and on the right , messerschmitt. emotional : last month , messerschmitt 's wife , kim vuong , held a press conference , asking for help in locating her husband 's killer. another individual 's post claimed that he had exchanged emails with ` dcguy456 ` and met up with him several years ago .. authorities have said they are searching for anyone else who may have e-mailed the account used by gallmon -- chrissanchez0906@yahoo.com -- but have not said whether anyone has come forward .. the new court documents do not say whether anyone else beside messerschmitt was targeted .. last month , messerchmitt 's wife kim vuong gave an emotional speech , asking for help in finding her husband 's killer .. ` the world has lost a good person .. david 's family : a son and brother , and i have lost everything : my husband and my best friend .. in one day , i lost the most important person in my life and the man i loved so much .. and i have no answers , ' she said .. a cincinnati native , messerchmitt attended ohio state university where he met his wife .. he went on to study law at boston university before working at a firm in chicago .. he then worked at two more firms in the d.c. area before transferring to dla piper last year , as a specialist in intellectual property law .
they 're the ultimate status symbol for the ultra-rich , but superyacht owners or charter clients are n't content to just sip margaritas in the sun or watch films in their on-board cinemas .. they spare no expense or detail when they throw extravagant parties and they go to great lengths to one-up fellow members of the world 's one per cent or impress their celebrity guests .. money is no object to those who like to flaunt their massive wealth at sea , and that means sales and charter brokerages are kept busy with outrageous requests for everything from high-end food and entertainment to luxurious decor and special guests .. superyachts can sell for more than # 50million , while others cost more than # 400,000 a week to charter. henry smith , a sales broker with cecil wright , a boutique yacht brokerage with offices in monaco and london , said : ` you do get some pretty unusual requests .. the strange ones are demanding , particularly when food has to be sent from one place to another at the last minute .. ` when you 're doing requests like this you 're paying considerably more than if you were to organise it in advance .. but then again , as people say , this is yachting . '. in a fast-pace world where brokers expect the unexpected , these are some of the most outrageous requests from superyacht owners and charter clients .. one superyacht owner threw a party with two live tigers , allowing guests to pose for photos with the animals. a life of pi situation was avoided when an owner from europe threw a party with two live siberian tigers on board .. under the care of trained professionals , the tigers were held in glass cages on the aft deck , allowing partygoers to pose for selfies with the animals in the background .. mr smith said the biggest challenges were sorting out the insurance and paperwork , and lifting the tigers onto the superyacht .. hoisting caged tigers onto a yacht is n't covered by the normal premiums .. mr smith said : ` getting them physically onto the yacht was an issue because they had to lift them using cranes .. ` the people who owned the tigers were wary to allow other people to operate the machinery , and it took several weeks of paperwork once we found a specialist insurer . '. mr smith said the tigers were rented from a circus and were taken off the yacht after the party ended .. he said : ` it went off without a hitch in the end , but it was an awful lot of work on our end .. but that 's what we do , that 's what we 're paid for . '. cecil wright arranged for fresh fruit and vegetables to be flown from the french riviera to the maldives. special delivery -- from france to the maldives. it 's the comforts of home that people miss the most when they travel for long periods , but that is n't a problem for the world 's super-rich .. one client had a week 's worth of fruit and vegetables sent from their favourite shop in the south of france straight to their superyacht in the maldives .. of course , the container had a travel experience that most people will never have -- it was flown from france to the island nation in the indian ocean by private jet .. once it arrived in the maldives it was loaded into a helicopter and delivered to the superyacht , where it landed on one of its decks .. mr smith said there was ` nothing fancy ' about the food , which arrived undamaged and fresh .. the owner just wanted a familiar taste from back home .. he said : ` the value of the food on the flight was significant less than the value of the flight . '. three ` a-list ' musical acts were hired to perform at a private party that took four months to plan. one client wanted to have a huge party on a deserted island for 80 friends and family members , so a team of engineers had to be flown out to set up a stage and other amenities .. the private party featured performances by three ` a-list ' musical acts from the uk and us ( mr smith was n't at liberty to reveal their identities ) , who were flown in by private jet and helicopter .. mr smith said it took four months of planning and three weeks to build the venue .. this included flying in generators to power the sound and lighting systems , a professional grade kitchen and living accommodation for the construction crew .. some owners have built classrooms on board and hired teachers for around-the-world voyages. sailing around the world in a floating classroom. superyacht owners do n't let their children 's education get in the way of their ambitious plans for an around-the-world family holiday .. they bring the classroom -- and the teacher -- with them .. mr smith said some owners have had small classrooms built within their superyachts so their children can keep up with their studies .. they have also hired teachers to deliver lessons while travelling to some of the most exotic places on earth .. for the teachers , it is an incredible way to see the world while getting paid and not having to pay for a home or utility bills .. mr smith said : ` [ salary ] varies enormously on things such as age and the amount of holiday they get , but you 'd be looking at certainly a minimum of # 50,000 . '. baking an eight-tier cake is a very complex and time-consuming process , and a boulangerie in the south of france had just 24 hours to prepare one after a ` last-minute ' request .. the cake , decorated with edible flowers , was prepared in a hurry for a guest 's birthday party in saint-tropez in the french riviera .. mr smith said : ` they were working flat-out to make this thing , and it required a lot of convincing on our part to convince them to do it .. ` this eight-tier monster cake looked like a bouquet almost , with lots of very intricately designed and hand-cut edible flowers .. it was impressive to say the least . '. one crew had just two hours to blow up 2,500 pink and silver balloons for a girl 's birthday party. ` a sea of pink and silver '. sticking with the birthday theme , cecil wright once received a request to organise a surprise birthday party for an owner 's granddaughter .. the crew had just two hours to blow up 2,500 pink and silver balloons , using compressed air tanks , as it was the only time the youngster was off the vessel .. mr smith said : ` they finished just in time .. it was a huge panic and a rush , and they had to bring in a few guys to help from other yachts .. it was just a sea of pink and silver . '. two owners exchanged a steinway grand piano , but it had to be dismantled and transported across europe. the world 's toughest piano move ?. when one owner ( let 's call him mr x ) purchased a $ 70million ( # 50million ) superyacht it had a steinway grand piano on board .. but he was not a fan , so he gifted the beautiful piano to his friend ( who we 'll call mr y ) .. the only problem was that mr x 's yacht was in spain and mr y 's was in germany .. instead of waiting until the yachts were in the same port , a team from steinway was brought in to dismantle the piano , package it and transport it across europe to mr y 's yacht , where they put it together .. the cost of dismantling and moving the piano was nearly the same as purchasing a new one .. cecil wright arranged the installation of a squash court on a helipad that lowers with the press of a button. cecil wright was responsible for installing the world 's first squash court on a superyacht .. the full-size court was set up on a helipad that can be lowered with the press of a button when it 's not in use .. it is a permanent fixture on the ship , and doubles as a helicopter hangar .. one couple hated travelling with luggage so much that they do n't bother anymore , and they get a new wardrobe delivered every time they embark on a new voyage .. mr smith said : ` whenever they arrive all their clothes from the previous time are removed and new clothes are added . '. in addition to the latest fashions , the couple travels with an entourage that includes a hair stylist , nail technician , a doctor and maid .
more than 30 drunk and disorderly university of kentucky fans were arrested near the school 's lexington campus saturday night after the previously undefeated team was kicked out of the ncaa tournament .. the wildcats faced off against the university of wisconsin badgers in saturday night 's semi-final game , breaking their winning streak with a 71-64 loss .. now , its wisconsin heading to monday 's final to play duke - their first final since 1941 .. but while the badgers were still celebrating on the court saturday night , violence broke out on the streets of uk 's campus in lexington where a huge crowd gathered to vent the loss .. upset : more than a thousand disappointed university of kentucky fans gathered near the school 's lexington campus saturday night , following the team 's ousting from the ncaa tournament. inflamed : the crowd of angry fans set fires and smashed bottles following the loss to the university of wisconsin. rowdy : throughout the night , police in riot gear arrested 31 people on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct. winners : the university of wisconsin badgers will now face off against duke in the ncaa final on monday - the school 's first since 1941. pictures of the anti-celebration showed a crowd of more than a thousand people in blue and white setting fires on state street .. throughout the night , police in riot gear arrested 31 people from the ` rowdy , and at at times hostile ' crowd on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct .. another three people were taken to the hospital for non-serious injuries .. lexington police department spokesman sherelle roberts says the situation was cleared up by 2:15 am .. tense : university of kentucky fans watch the game saturday night on a projector set up in a backyard. taken into custody : lexington city officials described the crowd as ` rowdy , and at at times hostile ' on their twitter page. out of control : a lexington police department officials says the situation was cleared up by 2:15 am. slammer : above , police cart off one of the 31 people arrested at last night 's gathering in lexington , kentucky. ` this was a citywide effort to clear this situation ... it really requires the whole city to come together in situations like these , ' ms roberts said .. meanwhile , university of wisconsin fans in madison also gathered near campus saturday night to celebrate the big win .. one man climbed a flag pole to chant ` usa !. authorities say no significant problems occurred during that gathering .. oh the misery : kentucky wildcats head coach john calipari reacts in the post game press conference after being defeated by the wisconsin badgers during the ncaa men 's final four semifinal saturday. grab : traevon jacksonof the wisconsin badgers ( left ) defends andrew harrison of the kentucky wildcats in the second half during the ncaa men 's final four semifinal at lucas oil stadium on april 4. are we gon na win ?. : duje dukan and traevon jacksonof the wisconsin badgers ( front ) look on from the bench with teammates late in the game against the kentucky wildcats. please no : a kentucky wildcats fan reacts in the stands after being defeated by the wisconsin badgers during the ncaa men 's final four semifinal in indianapolis. the wildcats close the season at 38-1 - two wins short of becoming the first undefeated team in college basketball since the 1975-76 indiana hoosiers .. instead , these nba-ready group of wildcats join the star-studded 1991 unlv team as the latest to take an undefeated record into the final four but lose in the semifinals .. trending on twitter : ' 38-and-done . '. all easy pickins for the many detractors of john calipari 's group of ` one and done ' players , all-americans and other future first-round and lottery picks .. there are other programs with talent , though .. wisconsin has some future pros , and they came up big in the biggest game of their lives - a rematch of last year 's semifinals where the wildcats won 74-73 .. the wildcats had the reputation as the team that never quits when things do n't look so good - a la last week 's win over notre dame - but wisconsin came up clutch this time .. slam : sam dekker of the wisconsin badgers ( left ) drives to the basket in the second half against aaron harrison of the kentucky wildcats. wisconsin badgers forward sam dekker ( left ) and guard traevon jackson ( right ) jump in the air after the 2015 ncaa men 's division i championship semi-final game against the kentucky wildcats at lucas oil stadium. ` they did to us what we 've been doing to other teams all season , ' calipari said .. ` they executed down the stretch and we did n't . '. trailing by four and gasping for breath with their hands on their knees after going 6 minutes without a bucket , the badgers ( 36-3 ) responded with an 8-0 run to take a lead kentucky could n't overcome .. it started with a tough , twisting shot by a future nbaer , sam dekker ( 16 points ) , and kept going when nigel hayes tipped in an air ball after the shot clock had clearly turned to ' 0 . '. no violation was called , and in a game full of shaky officiating that left both coaches screaming , it generated momentum for the badgers and left kentucky flat .. aaron harrisonof the kentucky wildcats ( right ) drives to the basket against josh gasser ( left ) of the wisconsin badgers in the second half during the ncaa men 's final four semifinal. tied at 60 , andrew harrison missed on kentucky 's next possession .. then dekker spotted up for a 3-pointer that gave wisconsin the lead for good with 1:42 left .. ahead 64-63 with 24 seconds left , kaminsky , who was celebrating his 22nd birthday , hit two free throws .. he and bronson koenig went 7 for 8 from the line over the last 24 seconds to seal the win .. proud : head coach bo ryan of the wisconsin badgers looks on in the second half against the kentucky wildcats during the ncaa men 's final four semifinal at lucas oil stadium on april 4 , 2015. ` best birthday present i 've ever had , ' kaminsky said .. kentucky 's last , best chance came while trailing by three with 12 seconds left .. but karl-anthony towns received the ball in the post and got fouled .. he made only one free throw , and from there , wisconsin iced it from the line .
three friends got the fright of their life when they were confronted by a pod of baby killer whales while on a crabbing trip .. steven sloan , joined by friends michael niccum and eugene dight were on an aluminium rowboat when the encounter occurred off the west coast of anderson island , washington .. filming from the boat , steven captured the orcas swimming from afar -- two of them can be seen jumping from the water .. at a safe distance : the group cheer in excitment as steven captures two orcas swimming and jumping from the water. the group on the boat cheer and yell in excitement at what they are witnessing as the whales appear to start moving closer to the boat .. according to steven , the group believe that the rope being pulled along the side of the boat is what attracted the pod to them , as its distinctive sound disturbed the whales .. commenting on their approach , one of the group can be heard saying : ` they 're probably coming to check us out . '. the group believe that the sound of the rope being pulled along the side of the boat is what attracted the orcas. one of the group states that the orca is probably coming to check them out before it emerges from the water and gives them all a fright. before later adding : ` that is like 50 yards from us , ' as the marine mammals continue to head in the direction of their boat .. after suggesting that it might be a good idea to start rowing away , one of the group begins panicking and shouts : ` guys we need to get out of here , it 's coming right at us . '. he then states : ` we need to sit down in the boat .. we need to get out of here .. it is probably under us .. this is really dangerous , i 'm scared . '. ` we need to get out of here ' : the group panic as a killer whales approach their aluminium boat. the killer whales are videoed circling and swimming dangerously close to the tiny boat. suddenly an orca emerges from the water right beside the boat and the panicked member of the group screams in shock .. meanwhile the killer whales begin circling and swimming dangerously close to and underneath the tiny boat .. slightly less shocked now that the whale has made a relatively tame introduction , the group laugh nervously and begin heading back to shore .. the group jokingly plead with the killer whales as the marine mammals continue to swim around the boat. the video maker captures a killer whale swimming underneath the aluminium boat in washington. on the way back they jokingly plead with the orcas , and one of them says : ` please do n't attack us . '. referring to the incident on the original upload of the video , steven wrote : ` feel free to laugh at how i respond to a scary situation like this and enjoy the beautiful orcas at the beautiful anderson island . '
a man who was unemployed and getting centrelink payments was able to splash out more than $ 2 million on luxury cars , a boat and celebrity memorabilia due to a banking loophole .. luke brett moore was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception in goulburn district court .. opening a freedom saving account with st george bank in 2010 , moore was able to overdraw $ 2.189 million over three years , the courier mail reported .. nsw police found luke brett moore 's haul after raiding his house back in december 2012. the 27-year-old goulburn man was able to overdraw $ 2.189 million over three years from his st george bank. luke brett moore , 27 , managed to live a life of excess despite being on social security because of a bank fault. he dipped into the account 48 times and spent the money on a number of expensive items .. moore 's luxury haul included a maserati , an alfa romeo , a power boat , a michael jackson autograph , a signed photograph of the top gear hosts and numerous paintings .. to avoid being caught , the 27-year-old moved the funds to paypal and national australia bank accounts .. while moore was spending up big , he was also receiving centrelink payments between march and july in 2010 , according to fairfax media .. police seized a red alfa romeo .. moore was receiving centrelink payments while he was overdrawing his account. to conceal his exploits , moore moved the money into his paypal account as well as into his national australia bank account. a framed michael jackson autograph with the late singer 's photo and music cd was found in moore 's west goulburn home. this is signed photograph of top gear hosts jeremy clarkson , james may and richard hammond. it has been more than two years since new south wales police raided his west goulburn home on december 12 , 2012 .. there officers seized hundreds-of-thousands of dollars that the prosecutors said were funded by his exploits .. moore was soon charged but it took more than 26 months for him to be finally found guilty of the two offences .. when the jury delivered their verdict , a family member who had come to support the 27-year-old broke down and had to be escorted from the court room .. sports memorabilia , including this chicago bulls jersey signed by former basketballer michael jordan , was also found in moore 's home. a power boat was also found among his luxury haul .. moore will be sentenced on friday in a sydney court. moore was taken into custody on february 19 this year after he had been allowed out on bail. he was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception. moore was taken into custody after he had been allowed out on bail .. he is set to be sentenced in sydney 's downing centre district court on friday .. daily mail australia has contacted st george bank for a comment on the matter .. a bank spokeswoman told news corp that incidents like moore 's were rare and happened due to a ` human error ' .. she said the bank was taking steps to recover the money .. while moore was spending up big , he was also receiving centrelink payments between march and july in 2010. officers seized hundreds-of-thousands of dollars that the prosecutors said were funded by his exploits. moore was soon charged after the 2012 raid , but it took more than 26 months for him to be finally found guilty of the two offences. when the jury delivered moore 's verdict , a family member who had come to support the 27-year-old broke down and had to be escorted from the court room
a man has been jailed after fathering a child with his own daughter who he raped repeatedly from when she was aged just 10 ( file image ). a man has been jailed for life after fathering a child with his own daughter who he raped repeatedly from when she was just 10 .. the man , who can not be named for legal reasons , was given a life sentence after derby crown court after jurors heard how he ` took his daughter 's life ' through sexual abuse .. his depravity was exposed when he impregnated her when she was just a teenager , having ` poisoned ' the girl against her mother .. as she watched her abuser being led away from the dock the girl ran towards him , crying out : ' i love you and miss you . '. earlier the court heard how her father had been her primary carer for years and began raping her when he felt ` out of sorts or angry ' .. despite promising to stop the abuse after each attack , the man carried on abusing her until she became pregnant .. in a bid to terminate the pregnancy without raising concern he encouraged his daughter to continue kick boxing , the court heard .. eventually , when the girl refused to tell authorities who the father of the baby was they ordered a paternity test .. the pair fled but were apprehended by police and the man taken into custody .. giving evidence the girl told of how she was too scared to reported her father to police and still ` loved him ' .. ` the abuse has set my life on the wrong course and destroyed the normal childhood and teenage years that everyone deserves , ' she said in a statement . '. i feared the consequences of disclosure because i love my dad . '. i know what he did was wrong , but i grew up with my dad by my side . '. i just wanted him to get help to make him better but unfortunately that never happened and it has come to this .. ` it 's come to me having a baby and to the father being my dad and to him being sentenced and my life falling apart . '. the man , who earlier admitted rape , had ` poisoned ' the girl against her mother who did not live with them , the court heard .. applying the same sentence as is handed to murderers , judge stuart rafferty qc told the man : ` you took your daughter 's life . '. jailing him for a minimum term of 15 years , he said : ` it 's difficult to find words that could properly describe the extent of your deprivation and the damage that that deprivation has caused , not to a stranger but to your own daughter .. ` children do not ask to be born .. children are entitled to expect the best from their parents , in terms of care and parental love , that they can possibly receive .. ` you gave your daughter a warped variation of that , a variation that suited you , not her .. ` and , although i know you have to serve a prison sentence for that , the sentence you imposed upon her is a far greater one . '. he added the girl has been consigned ` to a life of darkness ' .. ` she loved you , as any child loves its parents , and although people may think it strange , she loves you still - that 's what children do . '. the man was sentenced to life imprisonment at derby crown court ( above ) .. his daughter cried : ' i love you ' as he was led way from the dock
gary neville tore into manchester city following their defeat against crystal palace by insisting the champions have a ` mentality problem ' which prevents them from winning back-to-back titles .. the former manchester united and england defender saw city lose 2-1 to leave them in fourth - nine points short of chelsea at the top of the barclays premier league .. ` they 've got a mentality problem .. there 's no doubt , ' neville said on monday night football .. ` this team can not sustain success .. manchester city captain vincent kompany leaves the field after their 2-1 defeat by crystal palace on monday. manuel pellegirni is under pressure as city fell nine points behind chelsea in the premier league table. how the top of the premier league table looks. ` when you win championships , you 've got to be able to come back again and show the same hunger .. they get to the top of the mountain and go , " phew , we did it " , and it 's the worst thing that can happen . '. ` they are falling well short of where they should be .. make no mistake about that .. it 's now or never for this team .. they ca n't progress beyond the knockout stages or the last 16 of the champions league .. ` they ca n't sustain success by winning back-to-back championships .. their average age is the highest in the league at 29 and a half .. unfortunately some of those lads not going to be there next season .. they 're going to pay for what is a disappointing season , it is looking like now .. ` they 're going to get into the top four but that manchester city team with the ambition that they have got and with the quality they should be doing a lot better . '. gary neville tore into city following their defeat by insisting the champions have a ` mentality problem '. ex-manchester united star neville was on monday night football with sportsmail 's jamie carragher ( left )
a ` disorderly ' goat was shepherded away from houses in suburban new jersey after causing a ruckus .. officers in paramus , bergen county , responded to an animal that was headbutting a door in the wealthy community , according to their facebook page .. the goat was then captured in the middle of a roadway by three policemen around 5pm on saturday .. a plastic bag was used to avoid contact with the livestock , and it was handed over to animal control , a paramus police department spokesperson told daily mail online .. a goat in paramus , new jersey , was apprehended by police after it was found headbutting a door in the wealthy community. the animal was not injured in the incident .. police are still working to find the owner of the goat and are asking the public for help .. several goats live at a home nearby where saturday 's was found , police told northjersey.com. comments on social media suggested that the animal could have been fleeing the prospect of being someone 's easter dinner .. a woman from oregon offered a $ 250 reward for the return of her pet goat pete this week after it was stolen. she worried about someone eating him , but said that he 'd be chewy , according to the oregonian .. the goat , which was not injured in the incident , was captured by three policemen in the wealthy suburb around 6pm saturday ( pictured )
hundreds of runners from across the globe have taken part in north korea 's pyongyang marathon - perhaps the most isolated international sporting event in the world .. around 650 foreign entrants , three times more than last year , joined in today 's event under the constant watch of soldiers .. the event - which only opened its doors to non-local amateurs in 2014 - was founded in 1981 in the single-party country , which is now led by brutal dictator kim jong un .. one of this year 's entrants duncan erasmus ( far left ) a 23 year-old software firm owner from auckland ran in the full amateur marathon. charles kobold , a cable tv installation guy from the state of wyoming , took gold in the 10km race .. there were also categories for amateur full and half marathon runners plus north korean entrants .. foreign professionals were not allowed to take part .. last year will marks , the british man who won the amateur half marathon category , revealed how runners were banned from displaying country flags and western logos .. photography was also forbidden , but many runners flouted the rule .. photographs of this year 's event were submitted by people from koryo tours who flouted the ban to secretly snap the runners on their smartphones .. one of this year 's entrants duncan erasmus , a 23 year-old software firm owner from auckland who ran the full amateur marathon , told mailonline he was aware of being constantly watched but said the atmosphere remained jovial .. charles kobold , a cable tv installation guy from the state of wyoming , took gold in the 10km race. the event starts and finishes at the rungnado may day stadium or kim il sung stadium ( pictured ) every year. local entrants to the pyongyang marathon were joined this year by hundreds of runners from across the world. runners praised the jovial atmosphere as thousands of supporters turned out to cheer them on. ` i did feel like i was in a bit of a bubble , ' he said .. ` the north koreans were very friendly during the run but outside of it there was a marked change .. they were very cautious about interacting with us , whereas it felt like during the marathon they were allowed [ to interact more freely ] .. ` our cameras were confiscated by our tour guides -- although they asked us for them very politely .. ` although , like last year , some people managed to get through with cameras anyway . '. he added that alongside the thousands of supporters who came out to cheer them on was a huge number of soldiers strategically positioned to ensure that no-one stepped out of line or saw anything they were n't supposed to .. ` the soldiers were stern and restrained in their actions but even they cracked the occasional smile , ' said mr erasmus .. ` their presence was everywhere -- you could always see the uniform .. ` when i was running i noticed that they were positioned in places that could be deemed sensitive .. for example , i saw three soldiers standing by an entrance to a construction site .. they do n't like you photographing or even seeing construction . '. this year saw around 650 foreign entrants , three times more than last year , join in the pyongyang marathon. entrants were ran past north korean monuments on during the marathon , such as the arch of triumph. photographs of this year 's event were submitted by people from koryo tours who flouted the ban to secretly snap the runners on their smartphones. around 5,000 westerners visit north korea every year .. all tourists face tight restrictions and must be accompanied by guides who work for state-owned companies .. in february authorities announced that the marathon would be closed to foreigners due to north korea 's borders being closed to keep out ebola , despite no cases of the disease being reported in the country .. they reversed their decision shortly afterwards .. mr kobold , a 30 year-old cable tv installation worker from the city of casper , won the 10km amateur race in the isolated country with a time of 40 minutes and 20 seconds .. speaking to mailonline after the winners ' ceremony that took place in front of thousands of north koreans in pyongyang 's kim il sung stadium , he described how he came second in last year 's 10km run .. back then he fainted due to exhaustion before picking up his medal , but he had no such problems this time round .. 2014 winner : british runner will marks triumphed in the north korean half marathon after the event was opened to foreigners for the first time last year. photography was also forbidden at the marathon and other races but many runners flouted the rule. one of this year 's entrants told mailonline he was aware of being constantly watched but said the atmosphere remained jovial. ` i only did the 10km run but i felt like a million dollars -- i had 50,000 locals cheering me on in the stadium , ' he said .. he added , ` a lovely korean woman in traditional dress gave me a porcelain vase , which was instead of the medals they gave out last year .. it 's pretty big , it 'll have to be my carry-on luggage when i go back to the us . '. the race , named the mangyongdae prize international marathon after the late north korea leader kim il sung 's birthplace , gave foreigners the rare chance to run through the streets of pyongyang , which is home to the country 's elite classes .. thousands of locals came out in force to cheer them on .. ` there was a festival atmosphere -- there were so many people waving and shouting " hurry up ! ". in korean to me , ' said mr kobold .. he added , ` i was high-fiving so many people .. by the end my arms were in such pain from doing it , i could n't even wave to any more supporters . '. the marathon trip , like all other heavily-vetted tourist trips to north korea , gave foreigners a sanitised view of the country. it gave foreigners the rare chance to run through the streets of pyongyang , which is home to the country 's elite classes. a young runner takes a well-earned rest after competing in the event which also had categories for amateur full and half marathon runners plus north korean entrants. the race , named the mangyongdae prize international marathon after the late north korea leader kim il sung 's birthplace. the marathon trip , like all other heavily-vetted tourist trips to north korea , gave foreigners a sanitised view of the country .. founded in 1981 in the single-party country , which is now led by brutal dictator kim jong un. it offered no glimpse of the horrors that allegedly exist outside the version of north korea authorities allow outsiders to see .. human rights groups claim that torture , infanticide and oppression characterise kim 's dictatorship and are kept from view .. but simon cockerell , general manager of koryo tours , the tour firm that mr kobold travelled with , told mailonline that events such as the marathon were good for increasing interaction with the culturally-isolated country .. ` it 's a good thing because anything that has foreigners interacting , even in the simplest way such as high-fiving , is positive , ' he said .. he added , ` at this marathon any interactions were fleeting .. but it was a spectacle and an opportunity for the locals to see hundreds of foreigners and for foreigners to see thousands of north koreans . '. during his 10km race mr kobold ran past landmarks such as the imposing arch of triumph and statues of late north korean leaders kim il sung and kim jong il .. he is staying in the yanggakdo international hotel before returning home .. despite kim 's hatred of the us , and the fact that anti-us rallies regularly take place in pyongyang , mr kobold found that western comforts were available in the hotel .. ` you can easily buy coca cola there , ' he said .. ` and i was pleasantly surprised to find milka chocolate , which is originally from germany , available . '. however , he said he was more likely to indulge in a few glasses of the local beer , taedonggang , to celebrate his victory .. ` i 've been enjoying it -- it 's a little spicy but it 'd stand up to a pint of worthington 's , ' he said .. runners , in matching red tracksuits , lined up for the race which was closed to foreigners due to north korea 's borders being closed to keep out ebola , despite no cases of the disease being reported in the country .. they reversed their decision shortly afterwards. runners ran along the streets and past landmarks such as the imposing arch of triumph and statues of late north korean leaders kim il sung and kim jong il. a man holds up a sign to help direct the runners in the 10km amateur race during today 's pyongyang marathon. a poster advertises the race in north korea - possibly one of the most remote in the world - which was only opened to foreigners last year
tim sherwood has confirmed he will start shay given against liverpool in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday , a day before the irishman turns 39 .. given has been selected each round of the competition , beginning under paul lambert , and sherwood said he would keep faith with his deputy goalkeeper .. brad guzan , villa 's no 1 , suffered heartbreak in 2010 , when he was understudy to brad friedel but played every round of the league cup -- before being left out of the final against manchester united by manager martin o'neill .. shay given will start for aston villa against liverpool in sunday 's fa cup semi-final at wembley. the 38-year-old has played in all four of villa 's fa cup matches this season and has kept two clean-sheets. villa manager tim sherwood confirmed given will start on sunday , a day before the irishman turns 39. but sherwood said there would be no such turnaround this year , with given lasting until the final if villa make it there .. absolutely , ' said sherwood .. ` he 's done nothing wrong shay , he 's a large part of the reason we 're in this semi-final .. ` the saves he made against leicester were fantastic and at the right time .. he trains fantastically well and he 's pushing brad all the way for that no 1 spot . '. sherwood watched his villa side in training on friday as they prepare for the weekend 's crunch clash. tom cleverley will be hoping to start at wembley as he bids to impress with his loan expiring in the summer. carlos sanchez signed for aston villa from elche during the summer and has made 31 appearences. sherwood believes villa can upset favourites liverpool .. ` it 's a very exciting game , a great opportunity for this club to get to an fa cup final , ' he added .. ` i 've lost semi-finals myself , not a great feeling .. ` we 're going in with a positive state of mind .. this club 's relegation is not at stake on sunday it is about us maybe getting some glory for the football club .. ` we have the mindest to win the game , impose ourselves on a very good liverpool side , that 's what we intend to do .. ` we think we 're capable , we have a good blend of players who can play and maybe go direct at time .. we 're prepared to mix it up , we have a plan and we hope we can affect liverpool . '. fabian delph ( left ) and christian benteke ( right ) were put through their paces ahead of sunday 's semi-final. joe cole lifted the fa cup three times during a seven-year stint at premier league leaders chelsea. aston villa defeated rivals west brom 2-0 in the last round to book their semi-final appearance at wembley
a mother was horrified to find a dead gecko stuck to the lining of a jacket she bought from asda .. paula dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in canterbury , kent .. but when the 49-year-old took it home to try on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from the its lining .. inside , a four inch-long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric .. paula dunican was horrified when she found the body of a crushed lizard on the lining of a # 25 coat from asda '. i noticed the coat had a stain on the back seeping through , so i opened it and stuck to the lining was a shrivelled , squashed lizard , ' said mrs dunican . '. i think it must have been ironed - it was disgusting . '. the supermarket has offered her a refund and # 40 voucher , adding that the reptile may have climbed into one of the boxes transporting clothes from vietnam where they are made .. its quality control department said it was waiting for mrs dunican , who is a school learning support assistant , to return the garment .. in 2012 another asda customer found a dead cockroach inside a kettle she had bought to sterilise baby items .. mrs dunican said the reptile looked as though it had been ironed onto the coat .. a spokesman for asda apologised and offered her a # 40 voucher and refund. carly wintle bought the own brand appliance in weston-super-mare , somerset , and found the insect inside after unwrapping it .. meanwhile in february a disgusted shopper found the severed head of a frozen rat in a bag of frozen spinach .. terri powis , 33 , was horrified when she opened the bag and found the rodent 's decomposing body .. the supermarket apologised and asked her to return the item to the store , acting , she said , as though it happened ` every day ' , the mirror reported .
atletico madrid and real madrid may have played out a goalless draw at the vicente calderon on tuesday night , but there was still plenty to talk about after the champions league first leg .. here sportsmail looks at the five things we learned after the two bitter rivals clashed again in europe .. real madrid must be careful with a talent like raphael varane. something has to give at real madrid .. carlo ancelotti 's favoured centre-back partnership is sergio ramos and pepe , but in raphael varane , who turns 22 later this month , they have a diamond .. pepe 's injury trouble recently has meant varane has started a few games , continuing the education that began under jose mourinho .. chelsea 's coach has fluttered his eyelashes at the french international a few times during the past year , making sure he 's in pole position should the defender become available .. raphael varane ( left ) impressed again for real madrid - and saved. varane will be thinking he is more than ready to be the starting centre-back for a champions league team and with good reason .. his performance here was wise beyond his years and his lightning quick turn of pace can help mop up after any errors .. one sprint back to deny mario mandzukic was like watching a gazelle catch up with a rhino without even breaking sweat .. varane saved his team at the death too , mopping up after iker casillas rushed out his goal and failed to reach the ball .. jan oblak is proving patience is a virtue. jan oblak became the most expensive goalkeeper in spanish football history when he signed for $ 16million from benfica in the summer .. and then diego simeone promptly dumped him on the bench and installed another new player , miguel angel moya , in goal .. there were reports in the spanish media that the coach did not rate him , that atletico wanted to sell him back to the portuguese side .. when he finally played , it was a disaster , with the team losing 3-2 to olympiakos and oblak put back on the bench .. jan oblak ( centre ) denies gareth bale early on in the contest and the keeper had an impressive game. eventually an injury to moya left simeone with oblak in goal against bayer leverkusen , where he became a hero in the penalty shoot-out which secured the team passage to this round of the champions league , and atletico madrid 's goalkeeper was brilliant again against madrid .. the slovenian stopper was the only thing standing between real madrid and a hatful of first-half goals .. oblak 's save from gareth bale - spreading himself wide and blocking the welshman 's strike with his right arm - after barely more than three minutes had elapsed was hugely important .. it was beautiful , crucial .. the amazing atmosphere generated by atletico 's supporters would have been dented by a goal that early .. oblak makes a superb save to deny james rodriguez ( third left ) from opening the scoring for real madrid. better was still to come , oblak making a superb save from a james rodriguez snap shot , which he did n't see until very late , the highlight of a first-half in which he made six stops .. it was altogether reminiscent of the backbone atletico relied on last season , with goalkeeper thibaut courtois essential in their la liga triumph and road to the champions league final .. and all this after sitting on the bench for half the season .. another fruitless evening for gareth bale. nobody can say that gareth bale did n't work hard enough for real madrid here , but instead that he just was n't good enough .. the world 's most expensive player endured another frustrating evening , which started in the worst way possible when he missed a one-on-one chance .. played in down the right , bale had the ball on his favoured left foot , but his finish was too imprecise and oblak made a brilliant save .. bale did n't get involved much in the first half , with the game passing him by as sometimes it tends to do .. bale ( left ) worked hard again for madrid but failed to have the desired impact as atletico kept him quiet. bale ( right ) sees a shot saved by atletico keeper oblak as he endured another frustrating night. he upped the effort in the second period but to little effect .. working back in the right-back position he tried to skin guilherme siqueira , but the atletico man nudged him and bale tumbled .. in attack he nearly eked out an opportunity for cristiano ronaldo towards the end , but the portugal striker was instantly closed down .. it was that kind of night for real madrid , and yet another one for gareth bale .. mad mario does n't play for liverpool ... he 's at atletico. atletico madrid are good at replacing their strikers , after they are perennially taken by bigger teams .. fernando torres was replaced by sergio aguero , who was replaced by radamel falcao , who was replaced by diego costa , who has now been replaced by mario mandzukic .. while the croatian has n't quite lived up to the chelsea striker 's standards in terms of crucial goals , he 's as ready for a fight as the spaniard , and that 's saying something .. mandzukic , like costa , also gets short shrift from the referee , with his reputation going before him .. he riled dani carvajal up so much here that the real madrid defender snapped and punched him in the chest .. the theatrics that followed were part of his skill set of dark arts too , even if referee milorad mazic was n't buying .. mario mandzukic was left bloodied after a stray elbow from sergio ramos but got little sympathy from the ref. ramos and mandzukic clash , leaving the altetico madrid striker needing treatment for a head injury. a stray elbow from sergio ramos left mandzukic with blood sprayed across his face , but he knows what the deal is at atletico -- the pleasure comes with the pain .. eventually it was the striker who ended up , somewhat harshly , in the serb 's notebook for fighting too hard in an aerial duel .. although he could n't find the net himself , his hold-up play was essential in giving atletico some breathing room and it 's for the best that a row with diego simeone seems to have been buried .. history says it 's advantage atletico. this season real madrid have taken on atletico seven times and not won once .. this was the third draw ; diego simeone 's side have won the other four games .. the argentine coach will be pleased with this result , because now a goalscoring draw at the santiago bernabeu next wednesday will see his team through .. so far this season madrid have scored four times against atletico , while the rojiblancos have netted 12 in reply , including five at the bernabeu .. antoine griezmann ( left ) will be crucial to atletico madrid 's chances of winning in the santiago bernabeu. madrid will be obliged to attack and that will suit atletico just fine .. simeone 's side are built to resist and with antoine griezmann up front , they will be able to hit los blancos on the counter .. last season chelsea came to the vicente calderon and fought for a 0-0 draw .. they took that back to stamford bridge and were soundly beaten by atletico madrid , 3-1 at home .. simeone will feel quietly confident his men can repeat the trick once more .. furthermore , like for the 4-0 humbling madrid suffered in february , marcelo is suspended and fabio coentrao , who has been out of favour , will play .. mario suarez was booked against madrid and suspended too , but tiago mendes can slot in for him without much fuss .
a helicopter hero travelled 23,000 miles to find every chopper he had ever flown - only to find one had been converted into a posh camping facility .. jerry grayson , who lives in melbourne but is originally from arundel , sussex , set himself the task of tracking down every aircraft he ever flew as part of royal navy rescue missions during the 1970s .. the 59-year-old , who now designs aerial stunts for films , was once the youngest pilot to join the navy and was responsible for saving 15 yachtsmen during the doomed fastnet yacht race in 1979 .. former royal navy rescue pilot jerry grayson , who was involved in rescuing sailors during the fastnet yacht rescue in 1979 ( pictured ) , has tracked down every aircraft he flew in during the 1970s. after travelling 23,000 miles , including from his home in melbourne , mr grayson found that one of the choppers had been turned into a glamping unit - a popular style of camping for posh campers. the wessex mark 1 ( pictured ) now resides between a gypsy caravan and an old routemaster bus in blackberry wood campsite near ditchling , sussex. during his mission , mr grayson found that most of the helicopters had been blown up in target practice or turned into museum pieces .. but he discovered that one chopper , a wessex mark 1 , has been kitted out as a so-called ` glamping ' unit , accommodation for campers who want something more luxurious than a traditional tent .. the mark 1 , called wessex xs 886 , now resides between a gypsy caravan and an old routemaster bus in blackberry wood campsite near ditchling , sussex .. mr grayson said : ` it 's bizarre that it 's now being used to sleep in .. if i 'd fallen asleep in a mark 1 35 years ago , it would have cost me my life .. it did n't feel like three decades ago that i 'd last set foot inside .. ` but when i looked at all the switches and dials i realised i ca n't remember how to start the thing . '. mr grayson 's journey took him all around the uk .. he is pictured at the international helicopter museum in weston-super-mare. he also tracked down another chopper at gunsmoke paintball in hadleigh , near ipswich - where it is used as part of the course. the tour also took him to another paintball site in bawtry fields , doncaster , where he found another aircraft. the helicopter may be fitted with beds , curtains and cushioned seats .. but , between 1977 and 1979 , mr grayson flew in the aircraft for six rescues out of his base in cornwall .. he said : ` we used to save people from the cliff sides .. things like children in dinghies being blow out to sea or surfers suffering with the bends .. ` once we rescued a woman who had injured herself after falling off the cliff near a theatre .. the whole cast of a midsummer night 's dream watched as we did it . '. mr grayson , who is writing a book about his experiences , pictured with the helicopter in which he learned to fly at the age of 17. the former pilot at whittington barracks , staffordshire ( left ) and taskforce paintball , cowbridge , south wales. one of two helicopters that mr grayson found at the fleet air arm museum in yeovilton. mr grayson 's interest in retracing his old aircraft was piqued when he found a website , created by a former pilot , which spoke out previous experiences .. the pair got in touch and began swapping stories .. and as he dug deeper into the history of the helicopters , he decided to make one last visit to each one to see what had happened to them .. his trip then took him from melbourne to several parts of the uk , including london , sussex , doncaster , cambridge , ipswich , yeovilton and newport .. he said : ` the natural cycle of life is that a helicopter first serves its time in a front line role and then gets allocated to a second line role such as training or sar .. he was awarded with air forces cross by the queen for outstanding gallantry in search and rescue .. pictured : mr grayson flying a helicopter , as smoke pours out. by the age of 25 , he had become the most decorated naval pilot in peacetime .. pictured : mr grayson flying a wessex 1 from hms ark royal during the height of the cold war. mr grayson , pictured at the controls of a wessex 5 , joined the fleet air arm in 1972 aged 17 .. it made him the youngest helicopter pilot to serve in the royal navy. ` it then serves one final useful role as a teaching tool for young engineers or for airport fire services .. ` as most of these aircraft were built in the early 60s the only surprise was that out of the 31 wessex helicopters i used for rescues there are still 12 in existence . '. mr grayson joined the fleet air arm in 1972 aged 17 .. it made him the youngest helicopter pilot to serve in the royal navy .. by the age of 25 he had become the most decorated naval pilot in peacetime and was awarded with air forces cross by the queen for outstanding gallantry in search and rescue .. as well as being a rescuer during fastnet , mr grayson has previously gone head-to-head with russian submarines and was entrusted with carrying the key for a nuclear weapon aged just 19 .. he now designs shoots and aerial stunts for films , including black hawk down .. he is writing about his latest experience for his book ` rescue pilot : cheating the sea ' .. melbourne to london = 10,497 miles. london to blackberry wood campsite , ditchling , to london = 106 miles. london to hms sultan in gosport to london = 168 miles. london to south yorkshire aviation museum , doncaster and bawtrey fields paintball near doncaster ( 2 helicopters in total ) to london = 342 miles. london to imperial war museum duxford , cambridge = 61 miles. cambridge to paintball site at hadleigh , near ipswich to london = 136 miles. london to whittington barracks at staffordshire regiment museum , lichfield to london = 240 miles. london to fleet air arm museum , yeovilton ( 2 helicopters ) to newport = 200 miles. newport to the international helicopter museum , weston super mare ( 1 helicopter ) to newport = 100 miles. newport to taskforce paint ball , cowbridge ( 1 helicopter ) to cardiff for bbc radio wales interview , to london = 180 miles. london to melbourne = 10,497 miles
this is the shocking moment a worker risked his life by standing on top of a house jet washing a roof with what appears to be just a rope tied around him for safety .. the unnamed worker was spotted on the roof 30-feet above the ground on top of an edwardian semi-detached home in greenwich , south east london .. a local resident noticed the man carrying out the work with a lack of safety equipment on the slippery tiles and quickly took snaps of the man .. a worker who was caught jet washing the roof of a home in south east london with just a rope tied around him for safety. the neighbour said : ' i could n't believe it .. he was standing on the roof with a power washer and seemed to have a rope tied around his waist .. ` it looked incredibly dangerous .. his boss seemed to be watching sitting on a wall opposite and seemed unfazed by it all . '. a building expert , who did not want to be named , said the workman should have at least had scaffolding up at the front of the property and a much longer ladder with a harness .. he said : ` you ca n't just stand up there with a bit of rope tied around you and think it 's fine , it 's not .. ` you have to think about how slippery it would be up there because as you can see he is spraying from the top to bottom , meaning the water will be trickling down around his feet .. a building expert said the man should have at least had scaffolding up at the front of the property and a longer ladder. ` you would only have to slip and fall once and that would be it . '. the image was then passed to the health and safety executive , who attended the property and caught the man doing the same thing on the roof of the garage before he was stopped .. a hse spokeswoman said : ` following a concern raised , hse inspectors visited the house yesterday and served a prohibition notice .. ` this means the work had to cease until appropriate safety measures are put in place . '
an irish tourist accused of leaving his brother in a coma after a late night argument in sydney has pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm after the crown declined to downgrade the charge .. but barry lyttle , 33 , will now be sentenced in sydney 's local court , where the maximum jail term is two years , rather than the district court , where people could face up to 10 years for that offence .. patrick lyttle , 31 , was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother , barry in kings cross in sydney 's inner-city on january 3 .. downing centre local court was told of the plea during a brief mention on thursday , where lyttle was supported by family , including his younger brother patrick , whom he punched in potts point in the early hours of january 3 .. his elder brother was charged with recklessly causing grievous bodily harm .. lyttle 's legal team had tried to negotiate a lesser charge over the attack , with patrick publicly speaking out in support of his brother and calling for the charges to be dismissed .. but prosecutors decided to go ahead with the original charge and that lyttle agreed to plead guilty .. the irishman could learn his fate as soon as thursday afternoon when the matter returns to court for a possible sentencing hearing .. the hearing is expected to include cctv footage of the attack and evidence from criminologist john braithwaite , an expert in ` restorative justice ' , which covers sentencing options other than imprisonment .. looking healthy : patrick lyttle ( second from right ) and barry lyttle ( third from left ) appeared in fine health as they arrived at downing centre local court today. the lyttle family has previously said they believe the charge against barry ( centre ) should be dropped. patrick lyttle ( right ) said he had made a ` fantastic recovery '. the lyttle family has previously said they believe the charge against lyttle should be dropped .. during a brief mention of the matter on thursday , the prosecutor asked for a further adjournment saying police had served both parties with further material and they needed more time to negotiate .. lyttle 's lawyer , chris watson , said if talks were successful they expect the matter to remain in the local court jurisdiction and to be dealt with quickly .. outside court patrick said he had made ' a fantastic recovery ' .. mr lyttle spent nearly a week in an induced coma in january following his brother 's alleged attack before making his remarkable recovery at st vincent 's hospital in sydney 's inner suburbs .. patrick 's appearance in court today was his first without wearing a beanie .. he appeared in fine health as he and his brother arrived wearing matching suits and shoes .. the younger mr lyttle has previously called on the charges laid against his brother to be dropped .. the brothers , who have been accompanied by their father oiiver throughout their stay in australia , wish to return home to ireland together as soon as possible .. the matter will return to court on april 16 .. patrick lytlle ( middle ) has called on charges against his brother barry ( left ) to be dropped. barry lyttle is pictured arriving at court with his brother , patrick , and his girlfriend , patricia. patrick was treated by paramedics at the scene where he was found in a pool of blood and vomit on january 3. today 's court appearance was the first where patrick lyttle , pictured right last month , has appeared without wearing a beanie. the brothers from belfast in ireland ( pictured here as children ) went on a night out on january 3 in kings cross. sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .
nigel farage 's ` terrible ' back and shoulder pain has forced him to cut his working day and consider quitting smoking .. the ukip leader said the pain meant he was not ` firing on all cylinders ' during the early weeks of the election campaign , but insists he is now ` back on form ' .. he revealed he was suffering after a flare-up of an old spinal injury and had been prescribed temazepam , a strong sleeping pill and muscle relaxant .. quitting : mr farage said ` terrible ' back and shoulder pain has forced him to cut his working day and consider ditching cigarettes. mr farage is known for having a cigarette in his hand but was pictured smoking an e-cigarette yesterday. the party leader admitted he had not been following his doctor 's orders to the letter , leaving him seeming under par in the opening weeks of ukip 's campaign. mr farage has been dogged by speculation that he was ill during the run up to the general election but he insists he is not unwell .. the 51-year-old told the daily telegraph he has been receiving private hospital treatment in london and had been prescribed the sleeping drug temazepam .. he claims campaigning has not left him with enough time to attend nhs appointments .. certain things can make people become more at risk of developing back pain , including smoking .. the increase in risk may be because smoking has caused tissue damage in the back or because smokers tend to have unhealthier lifestyles than those who do n't smoke .. i was not unwell , i have not had heart palpitations , but i was getting increasingly terrible pain in my shoulder , my back , and so i was suffering from neuralgic pain , ' he told the newspaper . '. i am taking a few tablets but it is something i have got to live with , and i have got to pace myself .. i think i am going to have medical treatment for the rest of my life . '. mr farage said he has cut his working day to 14 hours and may give up smoking .. he was pictured smoking an e-cigarette yesterday .. when asked by bbc 's newsnight earlier this week whether he was ` operating at 100 % ' , mr farage said : ` to be honest with you , in the earlier part of the campaign i was n't , and i was n't feeling quite as sharp and as fit as i should have been . '. however , he blamed it on getting his ` diary planning wrong ' and said he was now feeling ` pretty bouncy ' .. mr farage was injured in a plane crash on the day of the 2010 general election , suffering broken ribs and other minor injuries. mr farage revealed he was suffering after a flare-up of an old spinal injury and had been prescribed temazepam , a strong sleeping pill and muscle relaxant. the party leader admitted he had not been following his doctor 's orders to the letter , leaving him seeming under par in the opening weeks of ukip 's campaign .. he told bbc news : ` i 've not been doing physio .. i 've not been doing my exercises .. ` i 've been so obsessed with the ukip campaign that i put myself into a position where i was n't really firing on all cylinders . '. mr farage was injured in a plane crash on the day of the 2010 general election , suffering broken ribs and other minor injuries .
adam federici will put his wembley blunder behind him when reading take on birmingham in the sky bet championship , according to manager steve clarke .. the australian goalkeeper let a tame alexis sanchez shot slip through his grasp in the sixth minute of extra-time as the royals were narrowly beaten 2-1 by arsenal in saturday 's fa cup semi-final .. it was a cruel blow for federici , who had kept the gunners at bay with a string of fine saves , but reading boss clarke is confident the 30-year-old will bounce back .. adam federici fails to alexis sanchez 's shot from crossing the line at wembley on saturday evening. the reading goalkeeper struggles to contain his emotions after his side 's fa cup semi-final defeat. ` it 's the life of a goalkeeper , ' clarke told reading player .. ` adam was obviously very upset because he feels responsible for the defeat .. ` it 's much better in a game like that , that if you have to lose you lose to a moment of brilliance .. that was n't the case .. ` as i said after the game , we win together , we lose together .. adam is a strong character .. all the players are 100 per cent behind him , the staff are 100 per cent behind him - he 'll bounce back .. ` on wednesday night when we play birmingham , he 'll be typical adam federici - one of our best players . '. federici will come up against an in-form striker in the shape of clayton donaldson .. the 31-year-old former brentford frontman is among the favourites to be named blues ' player of the year after hitting 15 goals this season , and manager gary rowett admits he is ` almost undroppable ' .. reading boss steve clarke has backed federici to bounce back against birmingham in the championship. ` he 's been brilliant , ' rowett told the club website .. ` he 's got a little bit of everything .. he 's decent in the air , he 's got very good pace , he holds the ball up well for others , he 's got a little bit of physicality and he scores goals . '. i think he 's been as good as any striker in this division and i think we 're very lucky to have him .. i think he 's the reason why we 've got some very good players like lee novak , wes thomas and nikola zigic , who have not played very much . '. i feel sorry for them but the reason is clayton at the moment has been almost undroppable with his recent performances . '
an incarcerated mother has revealed that her one-year-old son celebrated his first birthday in prison with a party that featured donated presents and a colorful cake shared by the prison staffers who served as the toddler 's guests .. jayla currie from berne , indiana , is a part of the wee ones nursery program at the indiana women 's prison , a system that was established in 2008 and allows mothers , like jayla , to share rooms with their babies while they serve out their sentences .. in 23-year-old jayla 's case that means a 10 month sentence for drug charges .. ` i 've gotten to see jayden reach all of his milestones , ' jayla told yahoo parenting of living with her son .. ` the most amazing one was watching him take his first steps .. it still scares me to death . '. unique location : jayla currie posed with her son jayden as he enjoyed birthday cake at his first birthday party , which was held at the indiana women 's prison. as a part of the program , mothers and their babies have private rooms in one housing unit , which also contains other female inmates , who do n't have any violent offenses on their records , to serve as trained nannies and help care for the infants when the parents have to attend certain obligations .. jayla noted that their rooms are as ` homey as possible ' , adding that instead of the metal bunkbeds that are often associated with prison life , she has a bed , a crib , a dresser , a closet and even a chair .. she explained that her unit has 38 women in it , meaning that jayden has constant attention .. the mother-of-one , who has already served three months of her reduced 10-month sentence for meth manufacturing and possession , never thought she would be raising her child behind bars .. her life started to spiral out of control when she dropped out of cosmetology school at 19-years-old .. she started taking pharmaceutical drugs and began a relationship with a man who was making meth .. jayla recalled that by the time she was 20 , she was frequently using drugs and had also stopped paying her bills .. by 21 she began helping her boyfriend to manufacture and sell meth .. special bond : the 23-year-old is a part of the wee ones nursery , a program that allows incarcerated mothers to share rooms with their babies '. i was spending every waking minute trying to get high , ' she said .. a year later , she was arrested and charged with two counts of meth manufacturing and possession and sentenced to six years in prison .. after her family posted her bond , 30 days after she was incarcerated , jayla unexpectedly got pregnant during her 60-day release , something which she now describes as ` very bad timing ' .. jayla then spent six months in county jail before she signed a plea bargain last march .. when she was seven months pregnant , she was transferred to indiana women 's prison .. two months later she gave birth to jayden in a single room with just a doctor and a female officer . '. i spent my whole pregnancy thinking i could n't keep my son because of the amount of time i had to serve my sentence , ' she recalled .. ` to be able to have him here with me is wonderful . '. added touches : jayden 's birthday party inside the prison included a sheet cake and numerous decorations. different kind of home : this is an outside view of the indiana women 's prison where jayla and jayden will live until her expected release this october. the wee ones nursery program aims to help incarcerated mothers bond with their newborns in a way that would have previously been impossible for them .. in order to quality , female inmates have to quality for certain criteria , including a release date that is not more than 18 months after their projected delivery dates .. according to a 2013 study from the university of indianapolis ' community research center , incarcerated women who live with their newborn infants in the special nursery wing at the prison are more likely to retain custody of their children after release and less likely to be arrested again .. after her expected release this october , jayla plans on moving in with her mom and working at a recycling factory owned by her family .. she is actually worried that leaving the prison community will be the hardest on her son , who has grown up with jayla 's fellow inmates .. the devoted mother said that she will definitely tell him about his time in prison when he gets older .. ` i 'm not ashamed because i 'm proud of who i 've become , ' she said .
doctors solved the mystery behind an arkansas man 's kidney failure after discovering he loved downing a gallon of iced tea every day .. medical professionals at the university of arkansas for medical sciences in little rock ruled out several causes for a 56-year-old man 's kidney problems before blaming the 16 cups of iced tea he drank daily .. black tea has high levels of oxalate , a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses .. toxic tea : medical professionals at the university of arkansas for medical sciences in little rock blamed a 56-year-old man 's kidney problems on the 16 cups of iced tea he drank daily. ` it was the only reasonable explanation , ' said dr umbar ghaffar of the university of arkansas for medical sciences , who wrote about the patient in an article for the new england journal of medicine .. the man was admitted to the hospital in may complaining of nausea , weakness , fatigue and body aches .. the chemical oxalate was found to have clogged the man 's kidneys , to the point that they had become inflamed .. with a habit of drinking about 16 8-ounce cups of iced tea every day , the unidentified man was consuming anywhere from 3 to 10 times the amount an average american takes in .. the 16-daily-cups habit was striking on its own , since federal studies have found that the average us adult drinks about 10 to 11 cups of liquid every day , including water , coffee and other beverages .. ghaffar said she did n't know whether the man was drinking sweet tea , a concoction made from black tea and a hefty serving of sugar that is popular in the south , though he was diabetic .. the new england journal of medicine has cited black tea in health issues before , publishing a 2013 case that found a 47-year-old woman had developed a bone disease from drinking a pitcher of tea made from 100 to 150 bags of tea every day .. the arkansas man 's case , however , does not suggest health risks for most people , according to dr randy luciano , a yale school of medicine kidney specialist . '. i would n't tell people to stop drinking tea , ' said luciano , who has treated patients with oxalate-related kidney damage .. that man drank ' a lot of tea . '
( cnn ) the people of nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide .. each day is a struggle in many parts of of the country , but there is something you can do to make an impact .. we have vetted a list of organizations working in nepal that have created specific funds for relief efforts , including :. -- adventist development and relief agency international. -- american jewish joint distribution committee. -- the american jewish world service. -- international federation of red cross and red crescent societies. -- jewish federations of north america
felipe massa believes he has finally silenced his critics following his storming start to the new formula one season .. williams head of vehicle performance rob smedley claimed earlier this week he was seeing the best of the brazilian in their nine years working together .. after twice being written off in the past , initially following his life-threatening accident in 2009 and again when he left ferrari at the end of 2013 , massa appears to be a driver at the top of his game .. felipe massa is preparing for the bahrain grand prix this weekend as he looks ahead to practice. asked whether he felt he was driving better than ever , certainly compared to his title-challenging year in 2008 , speaking ahead of this weekend 's , massa replied : ' i think so . '. ` the only thing you can not say ( on this occasion ) is we are fighting for the championship .. ` we had maybe the top car in 2008 , and now we are the third team in the championship .. ` but i feel really good and i am driving really well , using the car in the best way i believe i can .. ` it 's nice to have that feeling and it gives you extra confidence .. brazilian massa is confident he has silenced his critics following storming start to the formula one season. the williams driver says he is performing as good as he was in 2008 , a season he challenged for the title. ` the team is also working a lot for you , to understand and take in everything you say , to try to develop everything they believe is correct .. ` it 's fantastic because the driver can not do anything alone .. you need the whole group working for the best of the driver , and that 's really counting a lot for me .. ` maybe also , when many of you wrote after my accident that it changed completely my driving , maybe that 's not correct . '. suggested to massa he had been too easily written off , he said : ` it 's much easier to write than drive . '. massa finished 5th at the shanghai grand prix last week and currently sits 4th in the standings
the first people to be affected by qantas 's newly enforced ` smart casual ' dress code have taken to social media to complain after being turned away from the airline 's lounges for wearing thongs .. qantas warned back in february that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code from april 1 - but not everyone got the memo .. cassandra hann wrote on qantas 's facebook wall on thursday : ` thanks qantas club perth for refusing me entry because i was wearing havianas ( i am going on holidays after all ) . '. ms hann fumed : ` i had just got off a long flight from sydney to perth with a tired 15 year old and 3 year old and had to wait at perth airport for 3 hours for our connecting flight to learmouth .. i was told qantas have now started to " enforce " their qantas club lounge dress regulations which bans thongs . '. the mother said she never got an email to inform her about the new rules and managed to get into the qantas lounge in sydney on the same day while wearing thongs .. people wearing thongs are no longer allowed in the qantas lounges around australia. disgruntled customers who did not get the memo about the newly enforced qantas dress code have posted their complaints on social media. ` because my kids needed to rest for the 3 hours we were stuck in perth airport i had to go and buy another pair of shoes as my other shoes were in my checked in luggage .. $ 80 later , a pair of shoes i did n't need nor want and we finally are allowed to enter the lounge , ' she said .. ` this is no way to treat a long term loyal club member who pays plenty of money per year to be a member .. if you want to take hundreds of dollars of membership fees off us every year you could at least have sent members a letter or an email informing us of dress regulation changes .. no wonder people are flying other airlines and joining other lounges . '. in february helen gray , qantas ' head of domestic product & service , told daily mail australia : ` from april 2015 , customers entering domestic qantas clubs and business lounges in adelaide , brisbane , canberra , melbourne , perth and sydney will receive a friendly reminder about the smart casual dress guidelines that apply . '. cassandra hann said she was refused entry to qantas club because she was wearing havianas. sex worker estelle lucas , from melbourne , tried to see the upside to the situation. qantas were unable to be specific about what items of clothing would be banned but said : ` the vast majority of our members meet and exceed the guidelines , but we have had some feedback from customers that they want to see those guidelines apply to everyone .. ` the dress guidelines for our lounges are the same as most restaurants and clubs . '. playing the role of bouncers , qantas staff are now allowed to use their ` discretion ' to determine if a visitor to the lounge meets the smart casual dress guidelines . '. singlets , bare feet , and rubber thongs ` in most cases ' will be deemed unacceptable in capital city lounges .. qantas lounges have always had dress codes but they have not been strictly enforced before. qantas said they were ` sorry to disappoint ' when maria neale was refused entry to a lounge. alex koeninger was also turned away from the perth lounge and wrote on facebook ` i 'll definitely be thinking twice before renewing my membership this year '. alex koeninger , who was also flying out of perth on thursday , wrote on facebook : ` so i just tried to enter the qantas club lounge in perth airport and was not allowed in because i was wearing thongs , jeans and t-shirt .. ` did n't realise any of it was offensive .. although another lounge member walked in wearing shorts and sandals .. i 'll definitely be thinking twice before renewing my membership this year . '. and rae ka qantas complained on the social media site : ` not impressed with inconsistent dress code enforcement .. have worn my upmarket thong style sandals in lounge many times before .. the decision has reportedly been made after feedback from customers concerned about the style in the lounges. meanwhile , sex worker estelle lucas , from melbourne , saw the upside to the situation .. she wrote on twitter : ` refused entry into @qantas club because i was wearing thongs i am so angry but kinda not bc now i have a valid excuse to buy nice shoes [ sic ] . '. she later wrote : ` aw man i forgot my new expensive shoes on my flight .. i hate you sooo much @qantas '. and maria neale wrote on twitter : ` @qantas refused lounge entry despite full business attire except i like to wear thongs to fly .. small comfort for travelling so much now gone . '. however , not everyone hates the new rules .. adrian coughlan said : ` love the new dress code that applies from april 1 2015 in all qantas lounges - great move by qantas . '. a qantas spokeswoman told the sydney morning herald : ` since [ wednesday ] the only discrepancy has been with customers wearing rubber and leather thongs which are no longer within the dress code guidelines '. ` we appreciate this may have caused some frustration but we 're not in a position to flip-flop on the policy . '. if you have ever wanted to experience qantas business class you 'll have to dress the part. men and women are encouraged to dress in smart casual attire if they want to get into the qantas lounges. this is the first time the dress code -- which has always existed -- is actively enforced .. the decision has reportedly been made after feedback from customers concerned about the style inside the expensive lounges .. high-vis clothing and work attire are still allowed .. ` the vast majority of our members meet and exceed the guidelines , but we have had some feedback from customers that they want to see those guidelines apply to everyone .. high-vis clothing and work uniforms are still be allowed in the lounges. overly revealing clothes will not be allowed in the qantas business lounge from april 1. ` the dress guidelines for our lounges are the same as most restaurants and clubs . '. playing the role of bouncers , qantas staff is allowed to use their ` discretion ' to determine if a visitor to the lounge meets the smart casual dress guidelines . '. singlets , bare feet , and rubber thongs ` in most cases ' will be deemed unacceptable in capital city lounges .. this will be the first time the dress code -- which has always existed -- is actively enforced .. the decision has reportedly been made after feedback from customers concerned about the style inside the expensive lounges .. high-vis clothing and work attire will still be allowed .
i yield to no one in my love of the old days -- warm beer , cricket on the village green , bobbies on bicycles two by two , all that -- but it 's rare a chance arises to compare the rose-tinted past with the brave new world , as it did on saturday evening when sky 's high-octane premier league coverage went head-to-head with arsenal v reading in the fa cup semi-final on the bbc .. as we know , the premier league has the money and prestige , but what the fa cup has is history , and boy does the bbc love a bit of history ?. lest you were in any doubt , its coverage of the semi-final kicked off with footage of the late sir laurence olivier doing the st crispin 's day speech from the film of henry v ( ` we happy few , we band of brothers , ' and so on ) .. gary lineker , alan shearer , jason roberts and ian wright fronted the bbc 's coverage at wembley. bbc presenter lineker prepares to present the match of the day 50th anniversary special broadcast. reading defender nathaniel chaloboah ( left ) chases arsenal midfielder aaron ramsey ( right ) on saturday. gunners forward alexis sanchez celebrates after scoring his side 's winning goal in the fa cup semi-final. stand-in match of the day presenter gabby logan ( left ) with pundits phil neville and robbie savage ( right ). the excuse , i guess , was that reading 's nickname is the royals , but as the second-tier team are also known as the biscuitmen .. the bbc even gave us a moment of history at half-time with a breakdown , something that used to be a regular feature of tv outside broadcasts , when a feature on crystal palace 's shock semi-final victory over liverpool 25 years ago came to a shuddering halt halfway through .. in such instances , the bbc is lucky to retain the services of gary lineker , the best presenter of live football on tv .. sky have never really replaced the disgraced richard keys , who had the benefit of longevity in the post .. the bbc needs to fight hard to avoid lineker falling into the hands of rivals .. not that sky 's presenters are less than competent -- david jones did the job -- but it 's never a good sign when you have to go to google to check which one it is .. the price of live premier league football is now way beyond the reach of the bbc , which may be the clincher in lineker 's future .. while the bbc 's match had the lion 's share of the goalmouth action , it was difficult to resist turning over to sky on occasion .. having invested its billions in the premier league , sky does n't skimp on the peripheries .. the sound always seems a little crisper , and in punditry , where sky offers us the rolls royce of analysts , gary neville , the bbc counters with the mid-range danny murphy .. in the commentary box , sky fields martin tyler for its big games in the knowledge he 'll rarely make a bad call , while the bbc never seems sure who its best commentator is .. the man on the job on saturday , steve wilson , is unfussy and made the most of what was the bigger story .. the outcome on sky was depressingly predictable .. the bbc may miss out on the premier league 's pricey weekly thrills , but took the biscuit on saturday .. the bbc 's dan walker talks pitchside with sportsmail 's martin keown at wembley. sky sports pundits graeme souness ( left ) and thierry henry ( right ) discuss their match analysis
mustafa kamal 's resignation as international cricket council president has been accepted , it was confirmed after the governing body 's quarterly meeting .. bangladeshi politician kamal resigned after voicing his disquiet at umpiring decisions in his country 's world cup quarter-final defeat against india in melbourne last month .. kamal 's remarks were described at the time as ` unfortunate ' by icc chief executive david richardson .. mustafa kamal has had his resignation from the international cricket council president role ccepted. kamal was unhappy with umpire calls in bangladesh 's world cup defeat to india. india eliminated bangladesh in the world cup quarter-final in melbourne last month. after a meeting in dubai on thursday , the icc clarified that there will be no immediate replacement for kamal in a role which is largely ceremonial under its updated constitution .. a statement read : ` the board accepted the resignation of former president mr mustafa kamal , effective from 2 april , and confirmed that no replacement would be appointed for the remaining weeks of mr kamal 's term .. ` the full council of the icc will consider the appointment of mr najam sethi as icc president when it meets in barbados at the end of june . '. it was also agreed at the meeting that icc will write to the sri lanka sports minister to remind that country 's government that intervention in the running of the national board 's affairs ` puts [ sri lanka cricket ] in breach of the icc 's constitution ' .
lucky : selena dicker , 38 , outran the avalanche on mount everest in the wake of the nepal quake. a british climber has cheated death on everest for the second time in a year , it emerged last night .. as rescuers faced a desperate race against time to airlift stranded climbers off the world 's highest peak after the devastating earthquake on saturday night , selina dicker described how she ran for her life as a wall of snow and ice tore through base camp .. miss dicker , 38 , from london , was at the same camp on april 18 last year when an avalanche killed 16 sherpas who were climbing ahead of her group .. the tragedy forced miss dicker , head of lending for finance company europa capital mezzanine , to abandon her first attempt on the summit .. miss dicker -- who was in the same climbing party as google executive dan fredinburg , who died in saturday 's avalanche -- described the ordeal in a satellite phone call to her mother gail dicker at her home in ranworth , norfolk .. mrs dicker , 61 , said : ` she 's a very lucky girl .. i just want to see her home .. others in her group tried to out-run it and one of them was killed and two were seriously hurt . '. miss dicker , who was born with a cleft palate , had been trying to raise # 45,000 for operation smile , which provides surgery for children with the condition .. her mother said : ` she wanted to go back and have another go .. i tried to talk her out of it as any mother would , but she is a determined and independent woman of 38 and you can not tell them what to do . '. i am hoping her father will talk her out of it if she wants to go back again .. she listens to him more than me . '. six helicopters have been flying perilous rescue missions since the earthquake triggered a ` tsunami ' of ice and rock which crushed base camp , killing at least 18 people and injuring dozens more .. bad weather , continued aftershocks , and poor communication have scuppered subsequent trips , leaving hundreds stranded .. climber alex staniforth , 19 , from chester , said on twitter that he was ` very lucky to be alive ' after being evacuated to base camp .. but while some climbers were able to tweet and update their facebook pages , others were cut off from communications , leaving worried families in britain desperate for news .. up to 70 britons are unaccounted for .. traveller samuel beckett , 23 , from leicester , is missing and his father martin said : ` we have not heard anything .. we just keep watching the news and keep looking through the social media sites . '. among the other stories emerging from the disaster zone were :. miss dicker , from fulham , southwest london , escaped the wall of snow and rocks as it tore through the everest base camp on saturday morning , by running for her life and seeking shelter from a ridge. tragedy : miss dicker , front left , was part of the same climbing party as google executive dan fredinburg , far top right , who died in the avalanche on saturday. cut off and praying for a helicopter. awaiting rescue yesterday , newlyweds sam and alex chappatte were in good spirits as they tweeted from the mountain : ` all alex keeps talking about is her need for a glass of wine .. some of us are more chilled out than others . '. as the adventurous couple , both 28 , spent a third night halfway up everest , alex 's sister liz schneider , 23 , said : ` the ordeal is n't over .. they have not been able to get off yet .. ` we are just keeping our fingers crossed and hoping they can get to safety soon . '. awaiting rescue yesterday , newlyweds sam and alex chappatte were in good spirits as they tweeted from the mountain. video has emerged of the moment the earthquake hit mount everest and triggered a massive avalanche. the chappattes , who married two weeks ago in chelsea , london , tweeted earlier yesterday : ` trying to get a chopper . '. they then wrote ` fog creeping up the valley ' .. the newlyweds have described how they saw an ` avalanche coming straight at us ' and were blown over by a blast of wind .. they scrambled to shelter behind other tents and had to keep making air holes in the snow to breathe as the avalanche engulfed them .. the family of a missing british woman has received an sos message saying her group is trapped without food and water and in desperate need of medical assistance .. yoga student susannah ross , 20 , has not been in contact since she left for a trek in the remote valleys in the langtang national park on friday .. one of her fellow walkers -- from south africa -- managed to send a message to his mother saying the group needed help .. yoga student susannah ross , 20 , has not been in contact since she left for a trek in the remote valleys in the langtang national park on frida. susannah 's sister nina , 25 , from bath , somerset , said : ` someone has managed to text or something saying they are stuck in an area with 15 other trekkers .. they have sent the co-ordinates but said in the message that some are injured and that they do n't have any food or water and that they really need to be rescued .. they have said they need a helicopter to get out .. ` all the roads around them are ruined and they ca n't get out .. we are frantically trying to work out a way of reaching her and getting her help . '. the phone calls ... and the grim silence. gap-year volunteer anna buchanan , 18 , from new malden , was missing for more than 24 hours until she contacted her distraught mother pauline , who said : ` as i spoke to her there was another tremor .. everyone started screaming , it was just awful . '. saad hikmet , from mill hill , whose son jonathan , 25 , has not been heard of since the disaster , said : ` he was on a trek of northern nepal with yoga instructors and they 've been going around for a month .. now we just want to know that he 's safe . '. philip green , 30 , originally from st john 's wood , london , was still missing yesterday .. his brother rob said : ` obviously we are extremely worried at the moment .. it 's a nightmare for us . '. barbara and ian nightingale , who are from nottingham and in their 60s , were believed to be trekking in nepal at the time of the quake .. a couple from carshalton in south london -- chloe pincho and brennan white -- were trekking up everest at the time of the disaster , but last night made contact .. pensioner ann mcneil , from new milton , hampshire , was on an adventure holiday with her two brothers .. daughter karen korvin , 40 , had set up an urgent appeal for information and announced last night that they had been found .. she wrote online : ' i love you , mum , please come home safely . '. leicester university has paid tribute to post-graduate medical student marisa eve girawong , from new jersey in the united states , who was killed in the tragedy .. holby city actress catherine russell tweeted a picture of a relative , mike russell , who was missing .. the 42-year-old has since been found .. climbers could be seen sprinting away from the wall of snow and taking refuge in their tents at base camp. altitude sickness saves amanda holden 's sister. amanda holden said her sister was trapped on the mountain and may have been saved because she had altitude sickness .. the britain 's got talent judge said debbie holden had sent a text message to let her family know she had survived the avalanche .. miss holden said of her sister , a scuba-diving instructor : ` it 's awful , i can barely speak .. i 'm still quite numb .. it 's hard to take in what an awful situation it is in nepal . '. she said debbie had not yet reached base camp , where the avalanche struck , because she had been ill and had stopped to recover .. amanda holden said her sister debbie was trapped on the mountain and may have been saved because she had altitude sickness
nearly 1000 bags of the depressant drug kava were seized from a vehicle where four unrestrained children were sitting in the back seat .. northern territory police arrested and charged a 39-year-old man and a 26-year-old woman following the drug bust in katherine , 320 kilometres southeast of darwin on sunday .. detective sergeant ian kennon from the northern substance abuse intelligence desk said police pulled over an unregistered mitsubishi pajero travelling along the stuart highway just before 1pm .. during the extensive search , police found approximately 20 kilograms of kava divided into 862 small bags and a small quantity of cannabis .. police have seized an approximately 20 kilograms of the depressant drug kava - divided into 862 deal bags. an unregistered car was travelling along the stuart highway in katherine southeast of darwin on sunday. the man and woman were arrested and taken to katherine watch house .. the pair were both charged with possessing traffickable quantity of kava , supplying a traffickable quantity of kava and possessing cannabis in a public place .. the man was further charged with driving an unregistered motor vehicle , driving an unsafe motor vehicle , failing to restrain a young person ( x4 ) and disorderly behaviour .. they will appear in katherine magistrates court on monday .. sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .
it appears coca cola fans are quite an ocd bunch .. used to getting their sweet fix in bottles with colour-coded tops , many like being able to tell whether they 're reaching for the ` full fat ' regular variety by the red lid on top .. but since march the soft drink company has been putting scarlet tops on diet coke as well - causing consternation for fans of the zero calorie , zero sugar version .. diet coke bottles like this one now have red lids just like regular coke - causing a headache for some fans. coke has switched all the lids on its 500ml bottles to red to ` help make our consumers aware of the full choice available to them within the coca-cola range '. fans have taken to twitter to express their discontent at the changes , which have left many a bit confused. coke zero , which is also sugar-free , and the reduced sugar coke life varieties also used to have tops with a specific colour , in line with the designs of the labels around the middle .. but since march coca-cola has made the lids on all of them red , with the aim of bringing all four variants ` together under one brand ' .. many drinkers have been left baffled when confronted with the red tops associated with regular coke on lower calorie and reduced or zero sugar bottles .. charlie faloona posted on twitter : ` why on earth do the new diet coke bottles now have red lids but still a silver wrapper ?. it does n't look right ' .. helen smith added : ` not impressed with the red lids on the diet coke ' .. catherine lightfoot posted : ` is there a reason why diet coke now have red lids ?!. coke life bottles also have scarlet tops after coca-cola decided last month to bring all four variants ` together under one brand '. coca-cola says the new bottles ` feature a larger label with the distinctive colour and description of the variant clearly displayed '. and james robinson said : ` coke are messing with our heads .. coke zero used to have black lids .. a coca-cola great britain spokesperson said : ` we have recently announced we are bringing the four coca-cola variants together under one brand to help make our consumers aware of the full choice available to them within the coca-cola range .. ` as part of this we have introduced a new look across all our coca-cola packaging to give a more consistent look and feel .. ` the new 500ml bottles now feature a larger label with the distinctive colour and description of the variant clearly displayed and the new red caps have the coca-cola variant clearly labelled on the top .. ` we have been encouraged by the reaction we 've had to the changes so far . '. ` the new red caps have the coca-cola variant clearly labelled on the top , ' say the soft drinks company. despite the worries expressed by fans , coca-cola has said it is ` encouraged by the reaction we 've had to the changes so far '
a barrister and oxford university graduate who spent more than two years avoiding paying for his train ticket could be the biggest fare-dodger to be prosecuted , a court heard .. peter barnett , 43 , is said to have caused a loss of # 23,000 to chiltern railways over a two-and-a-half year period .. he travelled from his oxfordshire home to london marylebone but pretended to have only gone from wembley , in north west london .. peter barnett , 43 , is said to have caused a loss of # 23,000 to chiltern railways over two-and-a-half years. barnett admits six counts of fraud by false representation between april 2012 and november last year. the australian-born lawyer argues that he only dodged up to # 9,714.40 in fares , claiming the amount should be based on the cost of a weekly ticket , and take into account annual leave .. but prosecutor malachy pakenham told westminster magistrates ' court : ` if it is accepted that the loss was # 23,000 , this defendant would be convicted of the biggest rail evasion case that has come to the court in the united kingdom .. ` the crown have reached that figure by a number of rail staff calculating it .. ` the train company are experts , not me or my friend and they have calculated it on a basis that if someone commits a fraud like this defendant has committed , you are not allowed to calculate it on the basis of a weekly ticket , you calculate it on a full single fare , of the return for the day , each and every day this defendant travelled over the period without a full price rail ticket ' .. barnett admits six counts of fraud by false representation between april 2012 and november last year .. barnett claimed to have travelled from wembley , in north west london , instead of thame , oxfordshire. the scam began to unravel for barnett when he was stopped by a ticket inspector at marylebone last november .. the rhodes scholar claimed to have travelled from wembley , instead of thame , oxfordshire , where he and his wife live in a # 550,000 five-bedroom detached home .. barnett was sent to the excess fares window but another member of staff became suspicious and decided to contact his supervisor .. when he turned his back barnett ran away , but was apparently overcome with guilt and confessed the next day .. an investigation was carried out by british transport police , which found the lawyer had dodged fares since april 2012 .. the lawyer was cautioned for an identical offence in 2010 but continued to break the law , despite his prestigious reputation as the founder of an african children 's charity and director of leading think-tank , the legatum institute foundation , aimed at ` promoting prosperity ' .. a court heard how the barrister got off at london marylebone ( pictured ) by tapping out with an oyster card. it is understood he did so by boarding a train at haddenham and thame parkway without a ticket , and then getting off at marylebone by simply tapping out with an oyster card .. because there was no start point to his journey , the automated system charged him the maximum transport for london fare , which is currently # 7.60 .. but this is still far less than the # 19.80 price of a single peak time journey from his home .. the case was adjourned until july 27 so a hearing can be held to determine the loss caused to chiltern railways .. barnett was released on unconditional bail .. the deception places him among the ranks of britain 's biggest fare dodgers , closely behind a former millionaire fund manager .. jonathan burrows was banned from working in the city last year after avoiding # 43,000 in train fares from his home in stonegate , east sussex .. burrows had hoped to keep his name out of the public eye and avoid prosecution by quickly reimbursing southeastern trains the full amount in unpaid tickets , accrued over five years , within three days of being caught .
( head of zeus , # 25 ). the behaviour of dutch natural scientist antoni van leeuwenhoek was nothing if not eccentric .. in 1677 , at the age of 41 , he embarked on an extraordinarily gruesome experiment , using his body as a guinea pig .. antoni van leeuwenhoek ( pictured in a portrait ) used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment. he took three lice , nestled them among the hairs of his calf , rolled up a tight stocking so that the insects were bound to his leg and then left the stocking on and did not bathe for six days .. on the seventh day , he removed the stocking and counted more than 80 eggs but no young lice .. in the interests of empiricism , the stocking went back on for another three days .. finally , the stocking came off to reveal at least 25 lice running up and down his leg .. ` this spectacle of all the young lice filled me with such aversion to the stocking , ' he wrote , ` that i threw it , along with all the lice in it , out the window . '. he rubbed down his legs with ice , then took up his pen to calculate the louse 's reproduction rate .. he estimated that two pairs of lice could generate 10,000 young in only eight weeks .. while leeuwenhoeck was thus engaged , another great dutchman , johannes vermeer , was intent on his own more genteel studies in his house on the opposite side of delft 's market square .. draped in a black cloth , vermeer spent hours peering into the box-like interior of a camera obscura , an ancestor of the photographic camera .. this was a light-tight wooden chamber with a hole or lens on one side , which could be used to project an image of a scene on to a glass plate or wall .. they had been used for party tricks and for viewing solar eclipses but were increasingly being employed by artists to render paintings more lifelike than ever .. the experiments of these two men are the subject of laura j. snyder 's new biography .. she asks an intriguing question : could vermeer and leeuwenhoek , who were born in the same week , lived and worked their entire lives in an area not much larger than a football pitch , and who had friends in common , have exchanged ideas and inspired each other 's work ?. this is much more than a joint biography .. it is a portrait of an age of insatiable intellectual curiosity .. the 17th century gave us an inventory of instruments which far extended man 's understanding of the world : accurate thermometers and barometers , the air pump , the pendulum clock , improvements to the telescope , the refinement of the microscope .. leeuwenhoek 's mastery of lens-grinding saw him build a microscope capable of magnification up to 480 times .. scientists and dilettanti assembled cabinets of curiosity filled with rare animal and shell specimens .. leeuwenhoek 's collection included the eye of a whale , pickled in brandy .. anatomical theatres for the dissection of bodies were built in padua , bologna , leiden , delft and amsterdam .. according to one chronicler , sumptuously dressed ladies would attend dissections of the bodies of executed criminals and then go straight to that night 's ball .. snyder moves effortlessly not just between vermeer 's studio and leeuwenhoek 's laboratory , but all over europe , from the universities of italy , to the halls of the royal society in london , then the world 's pre-eminent scientific institution .. leeuwenhoeck wrote about 300 letters to the royal society , charting 50 years of experiments .. he addressed them as ` curious gentlemen dabblers ' .. one of his great discoveries was the observation of thousands of swimming creatures , which he called animaculae or little animals , in murky water .. he estimated there could be more than eight million of them in a single drop .. later generations would recognise them as bacteria .. he was also the first scientist to observe the existence and movement of sperm .. no one had yet seen the human sperm or the egg or understood their part in reproduction .. leeuwenhoek politely wrote to the president of the royal society : ` what i investigate is only what , without sinfully defiling myself , remains as a residue of conjugal coitus . '. one feels a certain amount of sympathy for his wife , cornelia .. what with the lice and the post-conjugal microscope experiments , she must have been a very patient woman .. the great pleasure of this book is how snyder makes the science clear to the layman .. i have a degree in history of art and only one measly science gcse in biology .. yet i was left more eager to peer down the lens at one of leeuwenhoek 's slides , than to stand before even the most pellucid of vermeer 's exquisite paintings .
the emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of ferguson , missouri were released on thursday .. seven in particular are remarkably racist , including one that was previously released in which disgraced police officer richard henke says of president barack obama ; ` what black man holds a steady job for four years . '. in the other emails president obama is labelled a monkey , welfare recipients are described as ` lazy ' and unable to speak english before being compared to dogs and black individuals are first lady michelle obama is called a tribeswoman .. the emails ( above ) that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of ferguson , missouri were released on thursday. police captain richard henke ( left ) and city cleark mary ann twitty ( right ) were fired after exchanging racist emails. former police sergeant william mudd ( above ) said he was getting his dogs welfare in one email as they are ` mixed in color , unemployed , lazy , ca n't speak english , and have no frigging clues who their daddies are '. one email , sent by city clerk mary ann twitty to captain henke and former police sergeant william mudd , and obtained by the washington post , shows president ronald reagan holding a monkey and feeding it a bottle .. the caption underneath reads ; ` rare photo of ronald reagan babysitting barack obama in early 1962 . '. twitty wrote at the top of that email ; ` some of these emails just touch me more than others . '. all three were removed from their jobs after the emails were discovered .. another email sent by twitty , this one to unknown recipients , is a story about a man having his daughter deliver his final child support check to her mother called ` leroy 's last child support payment . '. last week i went to sign my dogs up for welfare .. at first the lady said , ` dogs are not elgible to draw welfare . '. so i explained to her that my dogs are mixed in color , unemployed , lazy , ca n't speak english , and have no frigging clues who their daddies are .. they expect me to feed them , provide them with housing and medical care .. so she looked in her policy book to see what it takes to qualify .. my dogs get their first checks friday .. damn , this is a great country !! '. i be anxious to hear what she say , and bout the ` spression on her face , ' says the father .. when she returns , he asks his daughter ; ` now what yo momma say about that ? '. the girl replies , ` she say to tell you that " you ai n't my daddy " and what the ` spression on your face . '. there is then a photo of a black man who is missing almost all of his teeth screaming ` lawd a mercy !!!!! '. what 's more , at the bottom it says ; ' a smile is contagious , pass it around . '. twitty also sent an email that showed a group of tribespeople in costumes dancing with the subject line ` simply beautiful , ' and wrote ; ` michelle obama 's high school reunion . '. twitty is also responsible for sending an email called ` insensitive one liners , ' saying ; ` this is pretty funny stuff . '. to the question ` are there too many immigrants in britain ? '. the email says that 72 % responded ; ' i am not understanding the question please . '. another says a man converted to islam so he could stone his wife to death after she cheated , and there are numerous references to pedophilia and sex with underage girls .. ` went to the pub with my girlfriend last night .. locals were shouting " pedophile ! ". and other names at me just because my girlfriend is 21 and i 'm 50 , ' says the email at one point .. ` it completely spoiled our 10th anniversary .. an email sent by mudd to twitty and then forwarded on by twitty to unknown recipients is about a black woman getting an abortion in new orleans .. ` two weeks later she received a check for $ 5,000 , ' reads the email .. ` she phoned the hospital to ask who it was from . '. it then closes by saying ; ` the hospital said , ` crimestoppers , " '. in another , mudd writes to twitter about getting his dogs on welfare as they ` are mixed in color , unemployed , lazy , ca n't speak english , and have no frigging clues who their daddies are . '. he adds ; ` they expect me to feed them , provide them with housing and medical care . '. mudd then says at this point the worker went to see if his dogs qualified for welfare .. ` my dogs get their first checks friday , ' he wrote after that .. ` damn , this is a great country !!!! '. the only email sent by captain henke meanwhile was the aforementioned one about president obama .. president obama ( above ) has not commented yet on the emails released on thursday. analysis of more than 35,000 pages of police records in ferguson last month found racist comments from officers as well as statistics that showed african-americans make up 93 percent of arrests while accounting for only 67 percent of the population in ferguson , an unnamed department official said .. a black woman in new orleans was admitted into the hospital [ for ] pregnancy termination .. two weeks later she received a check for $ 5,000 .. she phoned the hospital to ask who it was from .. the hospital said , ` crimestoppers . '. the department of justice report also found that 88 per cent of people against whom police used excessive force were black .. according to figures recorded between 2012 and 2014 , blacks were also twice as likely to be searched than whites during traffic stops , though contraband showed up more during searches of white drivers .. what 's more , charges for minor violations such as ` manner of walking in roadway ' disproportionately affected black residents and were used ` not as a public service , but as a tool for raising revenue . '. nationwide protests of police actions that resulted in deaths of african americans in ferguson , new york and cleveland laid bare racial tensions and what president barack obama called ` simmering distrust ' between police and communities .. black offenders are also less likely to have their cases dismissed by a municipal judge and they are more likely to be taken into custody on outstanding warrants during traffic stops , compared to their white counterparts .. the justice department plans to use the findings to negotiate policy changes with ferguson officials and enter a consent decree , or to sue the city to force change .. previous federal investigations into police departments have resulted in such changes as reporting arrest data to the justice department and installing federal monitors to oversee operations .. the report 's findings vindicate critics who have cited a pattern of abuse in ferguson .. but they are unlikely to restore full trust in the ferguson police by citizens who were angered when a grand jury decided not to indict michael brown 's killer , officer darren wilson .. after a separate investigation , the justice department decided not to pursue federal charges against darren wilson , who has said he acted in self-defense .. ` what it shows is that a culture existed and was allowed to fester in ferguson municipal government and ferguson police department .. what we have seen so far is a few voluntary resignations but not a full acceptance of responsibility for that culture that has been allowed to exist in that municipal government , ' st. louis official antonio french said of the emails .. ` even after the doj report ... there is still a lot of work to be done and it still remains to be seen whether the people who remain in power will be the ones to make the change . '
two tsa employees have been fired after they used the airport body scanner inappropriately to allow the male worker to fondle male passengers ' genitals .. the pair allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the results of a full body scanner at a security check-point in denver international airport last year , cbs4 reported .. according to a denver police department report seen by daily mail online , the transportation security administration ( tsa ) received an anonymous tip in november last year that an employee had admitted to ` groping ' men who came through security .. the male employee and a female accomplice allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the tsa screening system at denver international airport in 2014. according to the report : ` when a male he finds attractive comes to be screened by the scanning machine , he will alert another tsa screener to indicate to the scanning computer that the party being screened is female .. ` when the screener does this , the scanning machine will indicate an anomaly in the genital area . '. the male tsa employee would then perform pat downs of the male passenger 's genitals at the colorado airport .. despite receiving an employee tip-off to the alleged sexual assaults in november , the tsa only investigated in february .. a tsa supervisor told police that he saw the male employee ` give a signal ' then after the screening device showed the anomaly ` conduct a pat down of the passenger 's front groin and buttocks area with the palms of his hands ... contradictory to tsa searching policy ' .. the female employee was questioned and admitted she had taken part in the assaults on unsuspecting passengers a total of 11 times .. both employees were fired following the incident .. the tsa said that efforts to find the male southwest airlines passenger who was targeted had been unsuccessful .. no other complaints have been made .. denver police department were unable to file criminal charges because no victims had been identified .. the tsa refused to provide the names of the employees involved .. the agency told daily mail online on tuesday : ` these alleged acts are egregious and intolerable .. tsa has removed the two officers from the agency .. ` all allegations of misconduct are thoroughly investigated by the agency .. and when substantiated , employees are held accountable . '. passengers undergo full body scans by transportation security administration agents at the denver international airport .. two tsa employees were fired after a male worker performed inappropriate pat downs on male passengers he found attractive ( stock image )
travelling can be tiring , especially if there are many flights involved and jet lag .. however for one sleepy explorer , a trip of a lifetime to witness the amazon rainforest seemed to be all too much - that or he was completely uninterested in the adventurous trips he was booked on .. redditor roxambops , aka roxy de la rosa posted the pictures of dozing alex elenes on the social networking site this week with the caption : ` went to the amazon , cousin slept everywhere . '. the traveller went on a trip of a lifetime to see the amazon rainforest ... but he missed the whole thing being asleep !. even a trip piranha fishing could not stir the slumberer from his nap. incredible nature moments the traveller missed due to napping include a pink dolphin watching tour and even a nail-biting piranha fishing expedition .. sadly he even missed seeing adorable sloths and monkeys in the wild , and impressive giant amazon lily pads .. when action was required of him , and he was due to take an intrepid jungle hike , naturally he slept through his alarm and missed the whole thing .. the pictures were captured by his cousin roxy de la rosa who posted them on reddit. cousin roxy said that her slumbering companion had been the one to push for the trip and that he chose the trip over going to machu picchu since he was set on seeing the jungle .. the bemused san diego said : ` he had no real reason to keep falling asleep ; he also slept any time we we were in our room .. ` our trip was to iquitos , peru , for a few days at the end of february , and cost around # 1,000 ( $ 1,600 ) just for the amazon addition . '. the sleeper had pushed for the trip , and said he was keen to see the amazon rainforest in particular as he had already been to machu picchu , the alternative trip. alex is said to be bemused at his new found internet fame , following the pictures going viral on the site .. roxy said : ` he 's surprised anyone else thinks it 's funny besides us .. ` my favourite thing is that his biggest fear is falling out of a moving car while sleeping , yet he was fine napping on a tiny boat in the giant amazon river . '. the trip cost alex upwards of # 1,000 ( $ 1,600 ) and he even missed getting up for the jungle trek completely
a sydney teenage girl last seen leaving for school 40 years ago probably ran away and may still be alive , a coronial inquest has found .. marian carole rees was 13 when she disappeared from hillsdale in southern sydney in early april 1975 after telling a friend that she had forgotten something and jumped off her school bus .. the teenager often talked of running away from home and had said goodbye to her brother on the morning she disappeared , magistrate sharon freund said in findings handed down on thursday .. marion carole rees ( pictured ) who went missing 40 years ago may still be alive , according to an inquest. ms freund said the disappearance did not appear suspicious and there was no evidence suggesting suicide .. the teenager probably ran away with the intention of permanently cutting ties with family and friends , she said .. ` it is likely nothing has changed in the intervening period . '. ` she may still want to avoid detection and not wish to make contact with her family . '. she said she was unconvinced , on the balance of probabilities , that ms rees is dead .. magistrate freund said ` the ability to assume a new identity and new life would have been a lot easier forty years ago ' .. marion ( pictured with her family ) was reportedly fed up with taking care of her younger siblings , as her mother had a drinking problem. marian had only been living in australia for a year after emigrating when she went missing while on the bus to matravill high school with her friend tanya davenport .. the 13-year-old jumped up to say she had forgotten something and got off the bus .. she has n't been seen since , however her mother 's boyfriend at the time came out to say he thought he spotted her at a bus stop in kingsford just weeks after she disappeared .. in a statement last year , mrs davenport told the daily telegraph that marian was preoccupied during their bus journey and thought she may have seen something when she jumped off the bus . '. [ marian ] was sitting next to me and from memory she looked a bit upset .. during our conversation , she was looking out the window .. i do n't know whether she saw something or what but she jumped out of her seat and said ` i 've forgotten something .. i 've got to go and i 'll see you at school , ' mrs davenport said .. marian had spoke about running away on numerous occasions according to her aunt and grandmother. ms rees would now be 53 years old .. it is believed that she may have been running away from her mother margaret and her two siblings john and joanne , who she often had to take care of due to her mother 's drinking .. after her disappearance marian 's relatives , including her grandmother and her aunt , told of how the teenager longed to run away from her normal life .. the case has been referred back to the missing person 's unit for further investigation as the magistrate believes there were holes in the police investigation at the time .
a huge collection of designer shoes , handbags , clothes and accessories worth from # 300 to at least # 2,000 are set to go up for auction .. the 173 lots include the issa dress as worn by kate middleton for her engagement photos , and designs similar to those seen on the fashionable feet of carrie and samantha in sex and the city .. the items , which are in immaculate condition , come from the lifetime collection of an anonymous single lady owner , and her family are now selling them and donating the money to charity .. bid time : 173 lots of designer brands worth from # 300 to thousands are set to go up for auction on april 28 .. pictured : blue wrap dress # 250 ( top left ) , silver giuseppe zanotti fish bone sandals # 450 ( centre ) , orange louis vuitton bag # 900 ( centre left ) , blue manolo blahniks # 625 ( bottom right ) , red louis vuitton handbag # 1200 ( bottom right ) , brown louis vuitton handbag # 580 ( centre right ) , blue check chanel jacket # 1720 ( top right ) , beige gucci monogram bag # 500 ( centre left ). chanel , louis vuitton , prada , gucci , mulberry , ferragamo and manolo blahnik will all go under the hammer .. house & son auctioneers in bournemouth , dorset , will rival the likes of harrods and selfridges when it sells 173 lots of designer brands on april 28 .. they are being sold without a reserve , which means they will go to the highest bidder on the day - so those on a budget could scoop a bargain .. some are said to be worth a few hundred pounds while others are valued at a four-figure sum .. the auctioneers are expecting at least double the number of people they normally get on a sale day .. there are 50 designer handbags , some of which have never been used or even removed from their protective bags , and at least 50 pairs of shoes .. snap : bidders can raise their paddle for a sapphire issa wrap dress ( right ) ; the same as the one worn by kate middleton during the photo shoot for her engagement to prince william in 2010 ( left ). the 30 chanel items - bags and clothing - are expected to be the big draw for potential buyers .. bidders can also raise their paddle for a sapphire issa wrap dress ; the same as the one worn by kate middleton during the photo shoot for her engagement to prince william in 2010 .. there are also flat versions of the blue milano blahnik hangsi pumps that big used to propose to carrie in the sex and the city movie , and which she wore at their ( second ) wedding .. the silver fish-bone sandals as worn by samantha in her hilarious sushi scene are also available sans heel .. david brasher , area manager of house & son 's auction organising the handbags for the auction. same-antha : the fish-bone sandals as worn by samantha ( right ) in satc are available sans heel ( left ). ian brasher , from house & son auctioneers , said : ` we are expecting a lot of interest because it 's an outstanding collection .. ` you say a designer name and we 've probably got it , the big names are all there .. ` the items are from a lady who collected handbags , shoes and clothes throughout her lifetime and just enjoyed buying and owning them . '. as seen before ... a flat version of the blue milano blahnik hangsi pumps carrie wore when marrying big in sex and the city are part of the haul. lust-have : a pair of chanel shoes in black suede and red leather with camellia flower decoration. ` they have been purchased from stores such as harrods , and some were bought abroad in new york .. blue wrap dress - # 250. giuseppe zanotti fish bone sandals - # 450. orange louis vuitton bag - # 900. blue manolo blahniks - # 625. red louis vuitton handbag - # 1200. brown louis vuitton handbag - # 580. blue check chanel jacket - # 1720. beige gucci monogram bag - # 500. ` some of them come with their receipts - which show that they were purchased for # 2,000 - and are still in the bags they came in .. ` there 's 50 handbags and the condition is outstanding .. it looks like some of them were bought and never used .. ` we 've got items ranging from # 300 into the thousands .. ` the owner would buy a bag in a particular colour when it came out and then buy it in another colour a month or so later , or buy matching jimmy choos .. ` there 's probably in excess of 50 pairs of shoes , and they are in immaculate condition too , hardly worn .. ` then we 've got about 20 lots of designer clothing and the rest is accessories .. bag it : a gucci cream monogrammed canvas and leather tote bag , comes complete with dust bag. up for grabs : louis vuitton monogram canvas speedy 30 , and a lady 's ferragamo jungle print handbag. ` this is never going to come up again .. it 's a true one-off and a privilege to be asked to hold the auction . '. i think it 's quite unusual for things like this to go without a reserve , but because the proceeds are going to charity , everything has to be sold , so will go to the highest bidder on the day .. ` it 's such a genuine sale , it 's not a sale that has been put together , the items are being sold for a reason .. and it 's a chance for people to get something in immaculate order .. ` we 're expecting in excess of 100 people on the day .. we 've got a reasonable-sized premises so we will cope fine with the extra , but we normally only have about 50 people at a sale . '. the auction takes place on april 28 and the items will be available to view the day before .. other items for sale include .... a pair of jimmy choo couture calf length brown leather boots together with matching handbag , together with dust bags ( no size ) ( left ) and a pair of chanel black leather ankle boots complete with box and shoe bag ( size 36 ) ( right ). three pairs of christian dior patent court shoes , boxed ( size 35 ) ( left ) and five pairs of chanel pumps complete with shoe bags and boxes ( sizes 34 , 35 and 35 1/2 ) ( right ). a pair of jimmy choo nude patent shoes ( left ) and a pair of lady 's gucci black monogram design wellington boots , shoe bags ( size 35 ). a ralph lauren brown leather belted jacket ( size 10 ) ( left ) and a lady 's mulberry bayswater handbag in brown leather complete with dust bag ( right ). a chanel black bead necklace and a pair of matching earrings , boxed ( left ) and a chanel simulated pearl necklace in original box with dust bag and a pair of matching earrings , boxed ( right )
sophie wilson performed cpr on bradley wilson. a teenage girl has told how she saved the life of a childhood friend who attempted suicide after months of bullying .. sophie wilson , 17 , performed cpr on bradley parkes after she and a friend found him hanging from a tree in the woods near his home in willenhall , in coventry .. the 16-year-old was taken to birmingham children 's hospital in a coma but yesterday his mother tiffany , 35 , revealed he had made a ` miracle ' recovery , as she thanked the girls .. sophie and katie alwill , 18 , raised the alarm and summoned help after they stumbled across the teenager during a woodland walk. ` someone burned the rope free from the tree using a lighter , ' said miss wilson .. ` he was n't breathing and his pulse was very weak . '. i learned cpr at school and i started doing chest compressions and mouth to mouth .. ` he started breathing again but it was more snorting than breathing .. ` i 'm in shock and it still has n't hit me that this actually happened .. it feels like it is n't real . '. miss wilson revealed how bradley had grown up in the house opposite her and they went to primary school together .. ` he 's a really nice lad and i 've never heard a bad word said about him .. i did n't know he was being bullied .. i do n't think he told anyone . '. ms parkes , a mother-of-five , told yesterday how her son was making progress . '. i ca n't thank those girls enough , i dread to think what would have happened if they had n't found him , ' she reportedly told the mirror .. the mother of schoolboy bradley parkes , 16 , shared this picture saying : ` hope all you b ****** s are happy my son is fighting for his life ' after his suicide attempt '. i thought he was going to die . '. the mother-of-five shared a picture of her son in hospital last week and said he had been tormented for months by a gang .. she described how her son had been robbed at knife point several times and was even slashed in the face .. ` it all started in about august last year and bradley has even been held at knifepoint , ' she told the coventry telegraph .. ` one time he was walking from one friend 's house to another and this gang robbed all three of them .. ` they even cut his face with a knife and told him not to tell people .. he 's even had his hand broken .. ` every time they see him they just take everything off him .. people know all about this gang and they are arrested for all sorts . '. the manchester united fan was found unconscious in willenhall woods on thursday last week .. he had just passed his first course at ernesford grange school and was planning to go to college .. his mother previously said : ` he left a suicide note saying he was taking his own life as it was easier than what he was going through . '. ms parkes said the bullying escalated after bradley gave a statement to the police about the gang , who are aged between 14 and 18 .. ` he 's been called a grass and all sorts , ' she said .. bradley was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note saying taking his own life was easier than what he was going through .. he is now recovering from the ordeal. ` when he was held at knifepoint we decided enough was enough and went to the police .. ` the other boy who was also robbed was too scared to make a statement , but bradley wanted to .. ` one of the gang members was charged and is now on remand in prison .. he 's up in court next month .. ` they have smashed people 's windows , vandalised people 's homes and even set fire to someone using a deodorant can and a lighter .. ` it left the person with burns on their stomach .. since that , all the grass stuff started and it made bradley 's life hell . '. she slammed west midlands police for failing to take her repeated complaints seriously . '. i have gone to the police lots of times but it does n't do anything .. and not many people do go to the police as they are scared .. i 'm running out of options , ' she said .. west midlands police said they had launched and investigation into bradley 's attempt to end his life .. detective chief inspector helen kirkman said : ` we recognise this is an emotive time for the school and the community .. ` we are committed to finding out what may have led up to the boy taking such a sad decision and we continue to investigate offences that may have been committed against him .. ` anyone who may have any information that may assist our investigation should call us .. ` additional patrols are being carried out in the willenhall area and we are working very closely with the school . '. for confidential support on suicide matters in the uk , call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here .
mirko ` cro crop ' filipovic is desperate to scratch his eight-year itch when he takes on gabriel gonzaga in poland on saturday .. cro crop lost to the brazilian in 2007 when a first-round head kick brought a swift end to the bout at ufc 70 .. but he is confident he can avenge the defeat on home territory .. mirko filipovic ( right ) faces gabriel gonzaga in poland on saturday , eight years after losing to the brazilian. in 2007 , filipovic ( right ) was beaten by a first-round head kick and wants to avenge that defeat. filipovic admitted revenge is a motivating factor ahead of the encounter against gonzaga. ` i want to beat all the opponents who have beaten me before , ' cro crop said .. ` but especially this fight because i lost to him and this time i feel better motivated and more prepared than i did last time .. ` he [ gonzaga ] is a big guy .. he is tough - he always goes for the victory and sometimes he is successful , sometimes he is less successful .. but he definitely is a tough opponent for everyone .. ` i do n't want to think too far ahead - i am focusing on this fight and whatever is next , will happen .. ` i am in really great shape .. my training is great - i keep the same schedule of training and i am prepared and ready for this fight .. ` i have been training with stipe [ miocic ] - he is a really great guy .. we have been training really hard to prepare for both of our fights .. he is just a great guy to train with and to be around .. ` all of the people i have lost against , i always want to fight again .. ufc decided it would be gonzaga and yes i wanted this rematch very much . '. gonzaga , meanwhile , insists he does not view the fight as a rematch , given the eight-year wait .. ` i did n't make any mistakes [ in his last fight against cro cop ] and he did make one , and i tried to capitalise on that , ' he said .. ` eight years can change a lot .. so much can change in that time so i do not consider this a rematch ; i consider this a new fight .. ` i 've got better in that time - my skill set has got better .. ` i 'm going to try to avoid his high kick .. but i will be ready wherever the fight goes .. gonzaga said he does not consider the fight with filipovic a rematch because of the gap of eight years. gonzaga believes that his skillset has got even better since the last time he took on filipovic. ` that 's the thing about the heavyweight division in the ufc , you know , one punch can change everything .. ` i believe people are never going to forget our first fight .. but right now i just need to win this fight .. ` i always need to keep working towards the title shot .. i am always trying to get there and i 'm here to do that , to move closer to it . '
any parent will tell you that life is their child 's party and they 'll cry if they want to - especially if they are made to do something they do n't feel inclined to .. a hilarious new hashtag has popped up on social media site instagram exposing some of these ` awful ' that things parents do to their children - such as giving them a bath ( how dare they ) , putting them in their high chair ( so mean ) , and even giving them cookies ( what a truly evil thing to do ) .. # a ** holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world , admitting through their uploaded pictures to cleaning , feeding , and entertaining their children to their immense dissatisfaction .. i would n't let her have a knife , ' explained one parent on the # a ** hole parent thread. most of the photos show children crying , followed by an explanation of exactly what their parent has done to upset them so . '. i would n't let her have a knife , ' explained one parent alongside a picture of their daughter sobbing in a highchair . '. i would n't let him drink the bubble solution , therefore i 'm an # a ** holeparent , ' wrote another , next to a picture of more tears .. the a ** holeparent website features similar images , with children crying over the small details in life . '. i would n't let him drink the bubble solution , therefore i 'm an # a ** holeparent '. ` asked her to model today 's outfit ... apparently that makes me an # a ** holeparent '. ` asked her to model today 's outfit ... apparently that makes me an # a ** holeparent '. i wo n't let her play with the dirty poop wipes in the trash can , ' posted one parent .. ` because i was throwing a ball in old navy and she carried [ it ] out , ' wrote another , next to an image of their child crying .. ` have you ever suggested your child eat a broken granola bar ?. have you ever barred your child from playing with power tools ?. , ' the description on the website says .. ` have you ever served your child a drink from the pink cup when they wanted blue ?. then you , too , might be an asshole parent . '. one # a ** holeparent posted a photo with their daughter curled up in the hallway crying . '. i wo n't let her play with the dirty poop wipes in the trash can '. ` because i was throwing a ball in old navy and she carried [ it ] out ' '. i stopped him from eating wood chippings at the park , so i am an # a ** holeparent , ' one image was captioned. ` asked her to model today 's outfit ... apparently that makes me an # a ** holeparent , ' the social media user wrote . '. i put her on her rocking horse like she wanted ... so im an # a ** holeparent , ' posted another parent .. ` it 's a universal experience : having a small child be disappointed in something completely illogical , ' the ` about us ' section on the website says .. ` despite our best efforts , children are often frustrated .. sometimes they think we 're awful , when we 're really just being parents .. may this be a humorous reminder that we 're all in this together . '. ` i 'm an # a ** holeparent because i made him sit in his highchair and read while i swept up the food on the floor '. ` she made me see the easter bunny , ' posted one parent captioning this image '. i stopped him from eating wood chippings at the park , so i am an # a ** holeparent , ' one image was captioned .. ` i 'm an # a ** holeparent because i made him sit in his highchair and read while i swept up the food on the floor , ' said another .. the hashtag may be in response to or a spoof of the instagram hashtag #parentingfails , which shows parents engaged in activities with their children that others have deemed unusual or inappropriate .. ` he could n't wait until we got home to play outside .. so i 'm an # a ** holeparent ' .
relief : chrystie crownover told gma on monday that she watched her ex-husband , bruce jenner 's dramatic abc diane sawyer interview with the olympic athlete and their children. bruce jenner 's first wife has shared the emotional moment her ex-husband told her he wanted to be a woman and how she kept his secret for 43-years .. speaking to gma in a tearful interview , chrystie crownover , the daughter of a mormon minister , told how the olympic champion first opened up to her when they married in 1972 . '. i cant remember the exact words because it was such a shock to me , ' said chrystie , 63 , who revealed she watched friday 's diane sawyer interview together with bruce .. ` he opened up his heart and confessed he had to share this deep dark secret .. he had to be a woman . '. i was speechless , i didnt really know what to say .. i was pleased that he shared that intimacy with me .. ` it was hard to wrap your head around , he was such a manly man .. he never indicated anything feminine in his demeanor .. ` it didnt threaten me or our marriage .. it wasnt really a threat , or a problem . '. crownover told gma that she was ` so relieved ' the world finally knows bruce 's ` big , big , big dark secret ' .. bruce , who has a son burt , 36 and a daughter cassandra , 34 , with chrystie , revealed he identified as a woman during a prime time interview with diane sawyer on friday night .. the 65-year-old told sawyer that ` for all intents and purposes i am a woman ' and ` ca n't live a lie any longer . '. the decathlete , who has been married three times and who has six biological children , married chrystie straight out of school and told sawyer she was the first person he trusted about his gender issues and his cross-dressing .. first love : bruce married his college sweetheart chrystie crownover in 1972 .. the couple , who had a son burt and a daughter cassandra , separated when she was pregnant with their second child and later divorced .. chrystie was the first to learn about bruce 's gender confusion and has kept his secret .. they are seen here at a gala event in new york city in may 1977 ( left , and at home in 1977 ). sharing : bruce jenner sat down with abc 's diane sawyer to explain his decisions and to talk about the road he 's traveled in his personal journey to live the way he believes he was born to do. when asked by gma how she felt when bruce introduce his ` real self ' to the world on friday night , chrystie broke down in tears as she described watching the diane sawyer interview with bruce and their children .. ` that was kind of surreal .. it was great because the family was together , ' said a relieved chrystie . '. i know its been painful for him .. ` he was in pain , he was tearful at times , it broke my heart for him . '. i think it was cathartic to watch it together . '. indeed , crownover revealed to access hollywood that she , bruce and his second wife linda and all the jenner kids ( including kendall and kylie ) , watched the abc special .. she said the atmospher was 'em otional ' , ` nervous ' and ` tense ' .. when asked how bruce left , crownover said he left in a rush .. ` bruce was in a big hurry .. there was n't much that was said ' .. proud wife chrystie , who 'd supported bruce 's amateur athletic career through two summer olympics , was there to see her husband break records and win his gold medal in montreal in 1976 - four years after he told her about his gender identity issues. loyal and supportive : chrystie , the daughter of a mormon minister , has known for more than 43 years that her ex bruce believes he is female and she has stood by him as they raised cassandra and burt ( right ) and now are grandparents. now , in the wake of bruce 's brave decision to reveal his gender struggle , chrystie thinks her ex-husband has given a gift to the world .. ` im sure there are plenty of people who dont have the courage to come out ever and they live dark tortured life , ' said chrystie . '. i feel it was a gift he gave to me that he shared something so intimate . '. bruce and chrystie met at graceland university in iowa in 1968 , where he was studying on a football scholarship .. he and the mormon minister 's daughter fell in love and married in 1972 , the same year he represented the us as a decathlete at the munich olympics .. four years later , at the summer olympics in montreal , canada , bruce took the gold medal in the decathlon and became a household name .. he launched a lucrative career in commercial endorsements and tv guest hosting gigs .. the star athlete and chrystie had a son and daughter together but their marriage was already in trouble by the time he met linda thompson in 1980 .. a former miss tennessee and ex-girlfriend of elvis presley , linda tied the knot with bruce in january 1981 as soon as his divorce from chrystie was finalized .. support : bruce 's eldest child , burt , ( left ) said he struggled with the news , while his eldest daughter , cassandra ( pictured ) has not made a public statement .. brody ( center ) and brandon ( right ) who are bruce 's children with linda thompson , said that they are happy for their father. difficult : burt , jenner 's eldest son , admitted he struggles with the news , but still supported his dad. they had two sons - brandon and brody - before splitting five years later .. the former olympian was single for several years following his 1986 split from linda .. in his interview with sawyer , he said that he had started at that time to explore his gender identity and took hormone therapy for about five years .. he also had some plastic surgery .. but towards the end of 1990 , he met kris kardashian , the estranged wife of famed la attorney robert kardashian .. when kris ' divorce came through in march 1991 , the two married the next month with all eight of their children from their two previous marriages taking part in the ceremony .. bruce became a stepfather to his new wife 's children - kourtney , kim , khloe and rob kardashian .. in 1995 , kris gave birth to a daughter kendall , and in 1997 to another daughter kylie .. bruce revealed that his third wife also has known his secret for a while .. during diane sawyer 's interview , bruce jenner 's sons and daughter , cassandra appeared on air and said they struggled to deal with their father 's news , but support him 100 percent .. jenner 's eldest son , 36-year-old burt was also supportive , but admitted he struggled with the news .. ` it 's hard for me , ' he said .. he 's always answered his phone , you know , " what are you doin ' big guy ? ". " well , nothin ' big guy ! ". ` and now , you know , do i ever ... would you ever call a female " big guy " ?. no you would not . '
yemeni rebels have seized president abedrabbo mansour hadi 's palace on the same day al-qaeda militants freed hundreds of inmates in a jailbreak .. security officials said member of al-qaeda stormed a hadramawt provincial prison in southeast yemen and freed more than 300 inmates , including one of their leaders khalid batarfi .. batarfi is among al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula 's top regional commanders , known for his leading role in a 2011-2012 battle with government troops during which extremists seized large parts of the south and east .. rebels : armed houthi members raise their guns aloft while shouting anti-saudi slogans during a rally protesting airstrikes carried out by a saudi-led coalition , yesterday. two guards and five inmates were killed in clashes , the official said .. elsewhere , the advance by iran-backed rebels into aden , the last bastion of hadi supporters came despite a week of saudi-led air strikes .. a senior security official who witnessed the advance said : ` dozens of houthi militia and their allies arrived in armoured troop carriers and entered al-maashiq presidential palace ' .. heavy clashes erupted afterwards between the rebels and their opponents inside the compound .. a defence ministry official in aden later confirmed the fall of the palace , saying it was now controlled by forces loyal to former president ali abdullah saleh , which have allied with the huthis .. escalating : damage caused by reported saudi-airstrikes .. reports today say yemeni rebels have seized president abedrabbo mansour hadi 's palace. war-zone : yemenis walk around the damage caused by an airstrike allegedly carried out by a saudi-led coalition against a houthi rebels position in the city of yarim. the rebels have seized swathes of the country including the capital sanaa .. at least 44 people , including 18 civilians , were reported dead in fierce fighting between opponents and supporters of hadi in the southern port city today .. ` there are bodies and wounded in the streets and nobody dares to approach , ' said khaled al-shaie , a resident in the central neighbourhood of crater .. hadi fled to aden from the capital after the huthi shiite rebels seized power in february , and the palace came under fire from warplanes twice during his stay .. carnage : a yemeni man inspects his house damaged by an airstrike allegedly carried out by a saudi-led coalition , yesterday .. today , rebel forces seized president abedrabbo mansour hadi 's palace. he went into hiding last week as the rebels bore down on what was his last stronghold , later surfacing in the saudi capital as riyadh launched an air war on the rebels .. saudi arabia announced thursday its first casualties since launching the offensive , with one soldier killed and 10 more wounded by gunfire from across the yemeni border .. rights groups have expressed alarm at civilian casualties , including in an air strike on a camp for displaced people and the bombing of a dairy .. several dozen people were killed in both incidents .. " all sides in yemen 's conflict need to do what they can to avoid harming civilians , " said joe stork of new york-based human rights watch .. in the southern province of dhaleh , huthis killed 40 rebel fighters who tried to desert after their commander urged them to lay down their arms because of the intense air strikes , military sources said .. diplomats in new york said gulf countries were locked in tough negotiations with russia on a un draft resolution to impose an arms embargo and sanctions on the rebels .
these images show a bizarre ritual in eastern india where villagers , including children as young as 10 , roast themselves above an open fire in the hope it will bring them good luck .. revellers in the remote village in jharkhand state tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above a raging fire .. seconds later they throw themselves into the flames .. locals believe that the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought and disease , adding that criticism over the safety is misguided and there are no reports of those taking part ever being injured .. unusual : villagers , including children as young as 10 , roast themselves over the open fire in the hope it will bring them good luck. show of strength : locals believe that the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought and disease , adding that criticism over the safety is misguided and there are no reports of those taking part ever being injured .. the annual fire festival lasts for 11 days and sees dozens of participants dangle over the flames while a hindu priest uses oil to stoke the blaze as he chants religious hymns .. ` it is done to protect the village from natural calamities like famine , drought , and spread of deadly diseases .. it brings good luck to the village , ' said arun nayak , 16 , one of the participants .. ` anyone between 10 and 65 years of age is eligible to participate in the ritual , ' he added .. ` we are not scared .. my parents and friends have been doing it for years now .. no one ever has been hurt ... , god shiv and goddess parvati watches over us , ' the villager went on to say .. mr nayak said he enjoys the thrill of hanging over the fire and feels proud to be one of the participants .. the ritual , locally known as chutiya manda puja , is organized every year to ` protect the village from natural calamities and epidemics ' .. burn : revellers in a remote village in jharkhand state tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above the fire. raging : seconds later the participants throw themselves into the flame while a hindu priest ( left ) throws oil to intensify the inferno. an ardent participant , 52-year-old munna kirkey , said that participants have to adhere to a strict diet to prepare for what is known as agni pareeksha , meaning trial by fire .. ` we start consuming bengal gram and jaggery sorbet 10 days before the trial starts and stay away from sinning , ' mr kirkey said .. ` hanging over the fire is the ultimate test of our austerity ... if participants do n't follow the rules they will vomit during the fire test and may even get burns , ' he added .. however , mr kirkey pledges that so far , there has been no such incident .. those who pass the hanging fire test are eligible to proceed on to the next state - to walk on ambers .. raju sahu , 40 , who has been participating in the ritual for last 40 years , believes the ritual is important for the betterment of the community .. ` if we do n't perform the rituals anything can happen .. in my lifetime i have never missed to participate and my children will follow me , ' says sahu .. challenge : those who pass the hanging fire test are eligible to proceed on to the next state of the ceremony , walking on ambers. religious : the annual fire festival lasts for 11 days and sees dozens of participants dangle over the flames while a hindu priest uses oil to stoke the blaze as he chants religious hymns. devotees from all over eastern india flock the venue .. baffled on-lookers gather around the fire to catch a glimpse of participants performing this ` miracle ' .. the villagers claim the festival is being celebrated from thousands of years , however they say now the duration has been trimmed because of rapid urbanisation in the area .. ` in fact , they have also made amendments to the ritual .. earlier a participant was hanged with an iron hook inserted into his flesh , which now has been replaced with tying with a cloth , ' said one of the villagers who had come to watch the ritual .. vijay kumar sahu , 63 , who has been organising the festival for the past 52 years , also fears that there had been too many changes made in the ritual .. ` people are making it easier now and follow only what suits them .. i fear this ritual would gradually be phased out or at worst invite god 's wrath , ' said sahu .
when a young mum posted images of her post-pregnancy body on instagram to inspire others , she might have anticipated a raft of supportive comments for her bravery .. hannah moore , 20 , from broxburn in west lothian , did n't get that far though ; her images of the stretchmarks on her tummy were vetoed by the world 's biggest photo-sharing website within minutes of her posting them .. the mum-of-twins claims her account was deleted because the images were deemed to contain inappropriate ` nudity and violence ' which breach the site 's decency guidelines .. confidence shattered : hannah moore , who had shots of her stretchmarked stomach removed ` within two minutes ' of posting them on photo-sharing site instagram , said the rebuttal had taken her confidence away. body pride : hannah moore , 20 , of broxburn in west lothian , shared photos of her post-childbirth body .. she gave birth to twin girls lily and grace ( pictured above with fiance david johnstone , 22 ) in june last year. hannah suffered from stretch marks after giving birth to twin girls lily and grace with fiance david johnstone , 22 , in june last year .. moore said : ` nobody could get on my instagram and nobody could search for it so someone had obviously reported the picture for nudity - all it was was a picture of my belly and it has just took my confidence away . '. it 's yet another example of instagram coming under fire for refusing to publish certain images , particularly photos that are dedicated to showing the female form in its most honest state .. shots of menstrual blood , stretchmarks following childbirth , pubic hair and naked breasts have all felt the wrath of the site 's censors .. critics have also highlighted that plenty of images that many might find offensive such as users bragging about extreme wealth while poking fun at the poor or pro-guns graffiti often get the green light for publication .. just last week , instagram , which boasts 300 million monthly users , announced that it has toughened up its rules on the types of pictures users can post in a bid to cut down on pornography and harassment .. samm newman received an apology from instagram for removing these images of her in her underwear .. the 19-year-old had posted the shot to celebrate her curves ... but later found they had been removed. megan tonje saw a picture of her bottom - covered by sizeable black pants - banned for contravening instagram 's rules , even though she posted it in a spirit of body confidence with the hashtags #honormycurves and #effyourbeautystandards. the overhaul of instagram 's community guidelines is the biggest since facebook bought the app three years ago for $ 1 billion .. although it has banned ` close-ups of fully nude buttocks ' , it remains perfectly fine to post a shot of a woman 's rear if she is wearing underwear .. a spokesman for the site said : ` we know that there are times when people might want to share nude images that are artistic or creative in nature , but for a variety of reasons , we do n't allow nudity on instagram .. one rule for one : images such as the shot above , taken from the picture stream of american social media star dan bilzerian , appear liberally on the site. star support : willow smith joined the campaign to use images of bare breasts by tweeting this picture on her @officialwillow twitter page last year. the #freethenipple campaign saw a host of web users staging their protests against what they perceived as sexism by instagram. ` this includes photos , videos , and some digitally-created content that show sexual intercourse , genitals , and close-ups of fully-nude buttocks .. ` it also includes some photos of female nipples , but photos of post-mastectomy scarring and women actively breastfeeding are allowed .. ` nudity in photos of paintings and sculptures is ok , too . '. however , the boundaries laid out above seem to contradict the image posted by many .. when singer-songwriter meghan tonje published an image of her bottom in underwear in may 2014 , she was dismayed to find it promptly removed for being deemed as ` mature ' content .. tonje says you do n't need to wander very far on instagram to find images of photos of other women in a similar pose , which have all been published by the site , leading to accusations that she was discriminated against because she was bigger than some of the bikini models who feature .. elsewhere , earlier this year , an australian media agency sticks and stones claimed the site had removed one of its images which showed two women wearing bikinis and showing some pubic hair .. sticks and stones said the photo-sharing site had ` censored ' their image and argued that it was a sexist move and it would not have happened had the shot been a picture of two men .. ainsley hutchence , the agency 's director , said at the time : ` unfortunately instagram has ruled out natural hair that appears on all bodies of women that do n't trim their bikini lines .. ` this hair occasionally does spill out of the sides of swimwear as it does on men in their underwear .. but instagram seem to be ok with man pubes . '. he added : ` clearly this is absolutely sexist .. instagram believes that women should wax or get off their platform . '. this shot , published by australian media agency sticks and stones , was banned by instagram for showing public hair .. the agency said it though the image would have been published if it had shown two men. when photographer rupi kaur published a photo of a woman lying fully clothed on a bed with menstrual blood between her legs , the site removed it twice , saying that kaur was n't following ` community guidelines ' .. other high profile bans include a protest by scout willis ( daughter of bruce willis and demi moore ) who saw a photo of a jumper with two bare-breasted women on it removed from the site .. willis said at the time : ` women are regularly kicked off instagram for posting photos with any portion of the areola exposed .. ` while photos sans nipple -- degrading as they might be -- remain unchallenged . '. such ` unchallenged ' images might include the profile of us poker player dan bilzerian , who regularly posts near pornographic images of women alongside misogynistic language .. his posts include a woman dressed in provocative school uniform-type dress but with her shirt tied beneath her breasts and only pink tape covering her nipples .. in other shots , scantily clad women cavort together or thrust their cleavage into the camera .. after pressure from critics , the world 's most popular photo-sharing website has been forced to clarify how it treats certain images .. last week , instagram said it was making clearer what exactly is allowed .. ` we know that there are times when people might want to share nude images that are artistic or creative in nature , but for a variety of reasons , we do n't allow nudity on instagram .. fans were not happy when michael buble shared this instagram photo from his miami holiday accompanying it with hashtags that included the words ' #myhumps #babygotback #hungryshorts '. despite stipulating that close-ups of ` fully nude buttocks ' are banned on the service , kendall jenner posted a side-on view of her posterior without complaints. ` this includes photos , videos , and some digitally-created content that show sexual intercourse , genitals , and close-ups of fully-nude buttocks .. ` it also includes some photos of female nipples , but photos of post-mastectomy scarring and women actively breastfeeding are allowed .. ` nudity in photos of paintings and sculptures is ok , too . '. its censoring filter may have received attention but as our images show , there are plenty of photos that might cause offense that have made it through :. when global music star michael bublé posed in front of a female in miami last week to deliberately highlight her bottom , the image was promptly published to his million-strong following on instagram .. the photo , which the singer tagged with the words ' #myhumps #babygotback #hungryshorts #onlyinmiami ' , shows a close shot of bublé in the foreground while the rear of a female shopper was clearly in view .. in spite of a public apology and wide criticism , the image remains on bublé 's site .. such ` unchallenged ' images might include the photostream of us poker player dan bilzerian , who regularly posts images of scantily clad women .. many instagram users will be baffled as to why an image depicting a woman who is practically topless , as her shirt is tied beneath her bust , has been allowed to stay on the site .. bar two bits of tape on her nipples , the woman 's breasts are entirely bare , yet it falls within the rules , essentially on a technicality thanks to the strategically placed tape .. kendall jenner , meanwhile , posted a provocative that depicts the side of her entirely naked bottom , with a car balanced on the top of one cheek , yet despite the stipulation regarding ` close ups of fully-nude buttocks ' , the shot has been deemed acceptable .. instagram says it does n't allow nudity on the site , yet enables shots such as the above to appear on the page of us poker player dan bilzerian. only words , say instagram ... this image promoting the use of guns was published by user andygotphotos. a young user came under fire for describing her father as her ` man crush monday ' every day .. this inappropriate post was then compounded by her hashtags that reveal she 's at her great grandmother 's funeral .. despite ongoing bloodshed in syria , positive messages and pictures of the country 's president , bashar al-assad , are regularly uploaded to the site , with no objections from instagram
nick clegg was heckled over his broken tuition fees pledge today as he ramped up his attack on george osborne -- with a stark warning that the tory chancellor is ' a very dangerous man ' .. the deputy prime minister was met by protesters in surbiton , south-west london , who chanted : ` nick clegg lied to me , he said uni would be free ' .. mr clegg ignored the protesters as he stuck to his message that only the lib dems can be trusted to balance the budget without hitting the poor .. nick clegg was heckled by tuition fees protesters while out campaigning in surbiton , south west london , today - while lib dem supporters tried to intervene. nick clegg was in kingston and surbiton to campaign with fellow cabinet member , secretary of state for energy and climate change , ed davey today. the lib dem leader 's campaign stop came after he launched a furious attack on the ` ideological ' cuts planned by the tories .. speaking to tony blair 's former spin doctor alastair campbell in may 's edition of gq magazine , mr clegg said the chancellor 's plans would do ` so much damage ' .. he added : ' i do n't know of a developed economy that wants to do something as rigidly ideological as he wants to do , to balance the books through public spending reductions alone , not tax , with one section , the working poor , taking the biggest hit . '. i find it socially and morally unacceptable , but also economically a disaster . '. the ` dramatic lurch to the right ' involves a ` harder approach than anything the arch-thatcherites would do ' and would ` destroy public services ' , he said .. mr clegg added : ` george osborne is a very dangerous man with a very dangerous plan , and i will do everything in my power to stop it . '. in contrast , mr clegg said the prime minister was ' a classic traditional shire tory ' , adding : ' i can live with that . '. he said mr cameron was ` very much a tory , and in that tradition he is not too much about grand vision ' .. the deputy prime minister launched a furious attack on the ` ideological ' cuts planned by the tories. mr clegg met seven-month-old elise popperwell and her mother melissa popperwell in south west london this morning. the deputy prime minister said david cameron was ' a classic traditional shire tory ' , adding : ' i can live with that . '. asked about ed miliband , mr clegg said he was a ` perfectly nice guy , personable , as is david cameron ' .. the lib dem leader said he wanted his party back in government ` because osborne 's ideological assault on public services has to be stopped ' and ` ed miliband and ed balls ' head-in-the-sand approach to public spending has to be challenged , because it would be really bad for the economy ' .. treasury secretary danny alexander meanwhile claimed that a top tory told him ` you take care of the workers and we 'll take care of the bosses ' , in a private whitehall meeting to discuss the coalition government 's priorities .. mr alexander said it showed that david cameron and george osborne were guilty of ` breathtaking hypocrisy ' for trying to claim responsibility for raising the threshold at which people pay tax - while privately arguing for tax cuts for the better-off .. he said : ` in march 2012 , when the economy was still in the very early stages of recovery , we wanted to do a very big increase in the personal allowance to put a lot of money back into folks ' pockets .. the tories ' priority at the time was the top rate of tax . '. i remember one meeting with a group of senior conservatives and one of them said , ` listen , you take care of the workers and we 'll take care of the bosses ' .
a woman left heartbroken following the end of a relationship asked her friends to pose ` as she was feeling ' for a therapeutic photography project .. laura stevens ' photo series ` another november ' captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship .. the british photographer , 38 , who lives in paris , found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up .. ` jessica ' from the series another november by laura stevens shows a woman sitting in a foetal position next to crumpled bed covers. ` following the ending of a significant relationship in my life , an undoing began , ' she writes in an ` artist statement ' on her website .. ` whilst adjusting to being a single woman , i started to create a photographic narrative based on the experience of losing love ; directing other women to portray the gradual emotional and circumstantial stages , along the well-trodden track of the broken-hearted . '. the title of the series refers not only to the month in which she and her partner separated , but also the idea of looking forwards a bleak and lonely winter following a lost summer of love .. the talented photographer directed other women to portray the emotional stages often experienced following a break-up from loneliness to loss of appetite and concerns over attractiveness .. the photographer said the project helped her deal with her own emotions .. she writes : ` by constructing images of the evolving chapters , i was allowed a vantage point from which to view the changes occurring in me , from feelings of pain , confusion and loneliness towards the reconstruction of my identity as an individual . '. the photographer , 38 , asked friends and women she met to pose based on the experience of losing love , like the one above called ` amy '. ` lily ' shows a nude woman in the bath , staring into the distance in a moment of melancholy. the series of staged performances by different women , who are friends of laura 's or people she was drawn to from the street , are enacted to show an intimate moment of adjustment .. ` they are seen isolated , surrounded by textures , colour and empty spaces in a room of their home in paris , ' the artists explains .. ` another november is situated in a deliberately nostalgic present where memories are constructed and irrevocably discolour , looking back to a past not yet acquainted with loss .. ` yet , it is a reminder that time , the arranger of all things , moves only in one direction . '. ` katherine ' demonstrates a woman sitting down for dinner alone , appearing to have lost her appetite , her dress mirroring the wilting flowers. despite the bright coloured lights above the bed , a sombre ` julie ' appears to struggle to get up in the morning. ` sofia ' studies her reflection showing how the end of a relationship can often make women question their attractiveness. although she was directing the women , laura says they each came into the project with their own stories of loss and heartbreak they were able to process during shooting .. she titled each image after the first name of the woman posing to help create greater intimacy .. some of laura 's photos - all of women - are both erotically charged and melancholy - like this once called ` sibylla '. laura directed the women getting them to pose in dark and empty spaces as illustrated in this photo called airelle. her series of narrative portraits often represent and fictionalise personal situations .. the domestic landscape serves as a backdrop , using cinematic drama and painterly aesthetics along themes of intimacy , relationships and loss .. alongside her dedication to long-term personal projects , she is a regular contributor to the press , for publications such as the times magazine , le monde , forbes and the washington post .. she has participated in group exhibitions at institutions including the national portrait gallery , the centre for fine art photography and many more .. for more information visit laura 's website. laura says that by constructing images of the evolving chapters , she was allowed a different perspective on the changes occurring in herself. the photos show feelings of pain , confusion and loneliness as in this pictures of ` pauline '. laura says : ` it is a reminder that time , the arranger of all things , moves only in one direction ' as model carole has a solo morning coffee. the images are powerfully evocative like this one called ` gabriela ' suggesting how a break-up can represent a lost chance to become a mother. many feature women lying on beds partially dressed and deep in thought like this one called ` christiana '. this photo , called ` arianna ' , shows a woman who has cut her hair , something which often happens after a break-up. laura said they each came into the project with their own stories of loss and heartbreak. she titled each image after the first name of the woman posing to help create greater intimacy ; this one is called ` kate '. the women are seen isolated , surrounded by textures , colour and empty spaces in a room of their own homes in paris. laura wanted to create a feeling of nostalgia ; looking back at the past and yearning for things to be as they once were. her series of narrative portraits often represent and fictionalise personal situations. the portrait of 'em ma ' shows how a break-up may involve moving out of what was once your home. to see the video in full visit lensculture .
it changed the world with its flat-pack furniture and now ikea wants to save the planet ... with vegetarian meatballs .. the dish loved by millions of british customers is to get a meat-free makeover that it is claimed will cut carbon emissions by half .. the swedish firm says producing the new version uses far less energy than making the pork and beef variety .. green scheme : ikea claims it will ` save the planet ' with its new vegetarian meatballs as far less energy is needed both to produce and cook them than the pork and beef variety. its veggie balls will be rolled out this month , created from a secret recipe of chickpeas , peas , carrots , peppers , corn , kale and seasoning .. ikea is as famous for its meatballs as its cheap self-assembly furniture and uk customers often spend entire days inside its large warehouses eating and shopping .. the company now sells a staggering one billion of its regular meatballs every year .. in an interview with the daily mail , ikea chief executive , peter agnefjall , said : ` we are launching a vegetarian meatball .. we see a big opportunity .. the vegetarian meatball will go global in april and have 50pc less carbon dioxide than a normal meatball .. it 's healthier and better for the planet . '. the firm has spent two years developing the veggieball , the first innovation to its meatball since it started selling food to encourage shoppers to stay inside its stores back in 1959 .. the vegetable-based snack is more environmentally friendly than the meat version , because cows and pigs are responsible for methane emissions .. it also takes less energy to cook a veggieball .. a spokesman said : ` at ikea we want to offer healthy food choices that are delicious , sustainable and affordable for the many , based on our swedish identity .. ` we are currently developing our food range to provide options that meet the different preferences of our customers .. ` one of the exciting new products is a veggieball which will be launched in our stores from april onwards .. ` the veggie ball does not have any animal content in the ingredients .. we will share more information about our new veggieballs nearer the time of the launch . '. meatballs are one of sweden 's national dishes and as iconic as volvo cars or the pop group abba .. meatballs and malm beds : ikea is as famous for its meatballs as its cheap self-assembly furniture and the company sells one billion of its regular meatballs every year. ikea sells 5million meatballs in the uk annually and estimates it has sold 11.6 billion in the uk since 1987 .. however a spokesman said last night the veggieball will not be available in the uk until may .. food contributed # 1 billion to group sales last year .. ikea has 361 stores worldwide which all sell food -- its meatball even has its own facebook page .. meatballs are sold in ikea 's restaurants for # 3.80 and customer can also buy a frozen variety in its swedish food market for # 4.35 for 1kg .. it has not yet revealed the cost of the veggieball .. ikea was caught up in the international food fraud scandal in 2013 when it emerged there was more than just beef and pork in its meatballs .. tests showed that there was also a significant amount of pony and horse .. the business was started by billionaire ingvar kamprad , 88 , who started selling matches in the 1920s .. the ikea name comes from his initials along with the name of the family farm elmtaryd which was located in the local village of agunnaryd .. his third store in stockholm was designed to be round so customers did not cut corners whilst walking around .. the flat packed idea came while shipping a table by rail .. it had been damaged in transit so the idea to separate the legs was hatched to protect it .. shipping it flat was also cheaper .
sachin tendulkar has paid tribute to a ` promising ' indian cricketer who has died after colliding with a team-mate while attempting to take a catch during a club match in kolkata .. the board of control for cricket in india confirmed on their official twitter account that 20-year-old ankit keshri had passed away after suffering ' a cardiac arrest following on-field injury ' .. according to reports , keshri colleded with a team-mate as they both attempted to take a catch in a senior one-day match match in kolkata on friday , and though he regained consciousness afterwards , he died in hospital on monday .. keshri was only playing as a substitute fielder having been the 12th man .. ankit keshri had passed away after suffering a cardiac arrest following an on-field injury in kolkata. former national team captain tendulkar , the highest runscorer in test and one-day international history , was among several india stars to offer their condolences at the news .. tendulkar tweeted : ` saddened by the demise of ankit keshri .. a promising career aborted by an unfortunate incident on field .. ` may god give strength to ankit 's family and friends to cope with this loss #rip '. current india batsman ajinkya rahane said : ` very sad to know about ankit keshri .. strength to his family and friends .. manoj tiwary , who has played nine odis for india , wrote : ` i 'm shocked 2 hear d news of under-19 player from bengal named ankit kesri 's demise due to heart attack .. my deepest condolences goes out 2 ankit kesri 's family nd frnds . '. a promising player who scored loads of runs at under 19 level nd he wud hav surely played 4 senior bengal in 2 years time .. rest in peace younger brother . '. the 20-year-old died after colliding with a team-mate while attempting to take a catch during a club match. the tragedy comes five months after australia batsman phillip hughes died aged 25 after being hit on the neck by a bouncer in a sheffield shield match .. keshri was considered an up-and-coming talent on the indian cricket scene .. the right-hander was captain of the bengal under-19 team , and was short-listed for india 's under-19 team for the 2014 colts world cup .. ` it 's so unfortunate , ' said the bengal cricket association 's subir ganguly .. ` he was such a promising cricketer and for him to pass away in such a manner is difficult to swallow . '. india cricket legend sachin tendulkar is among several stars to have given tributes about keshri
washington ( cnn ) in 2011 , al qaeda took warren weinstein hostage .. then , about a year later , his family paid money to his captors , said a pakistani source who was in regular contact with the kidnappers .. it did not lead to the american aid worker 's release , and he was inadvertently killed in an anti-terror strike in january , the white house announced thursday .. after the transfer of funds in 2012 , the captors , who never referred to themselves as " al qaeda , " but instead as " afghans , " began demanding prisoners be released in exchange for weinstein , most prominently dr. aafia siddiqui of pakistan , the source said .. she has been described as the " poster girl " for islamic jihad and is serving an 86-year sentence in the united states .. the militants also wanted the release of local militants who hailed from the pakistani province of waziristan , along the afghan border , the source said .. the men on the other end of the phone spoke pashto with an accent typical for the border region .. and they were professional in their dealings , said the source , who noticed a marked change after the money was paid .. the people who had originally talked to the source about weinstein vanished and were replaced by new voices on the phone .. the militants also connected themselves with other terror events .. after isis beheaded american james foley , weinstein 's afghan captors told the source that " the iraqis " were asking for the american and that they were preparing an " orange suit " for him -- a reference to the suits that victims have worn when isis militants murdered them .. when the taliban released u.s. army sgt. bowe bergdahl , a militant on the phone bragged to the source that he had been one of bergdahl 's kidnappers .. they had said , at one point , that if they did kill weinstein , they 'd announce it in a big way , because he was too big a catch not to publicly celebrate .. the captors had called the source daily since sometime in 2012 , and the last time the source spoke with them , in early april , they said that weinstein was still alive .. in spite of a request for proof of life , the militants did n't give one .. after that , the calls stopped .. the source never had a number for the militants ; they had always been the ones who called .. the source declined to comment on the amount of money transferred to the captors , leaving the disclosure to weinstein 's family .. could weinstein have been saved ?. weinstein 's family in maryland was initially reluctant to take their case to congress .. weinstein 's wife , elaine , and his two daughters worried that drawing attention to their loved one 's plight -- especially media attention -- would make weinstein , a government contractor working with usaid in pakistan , a more valuable hostage to his al qaeda captors .. but the family switched course and went to their representatives in congress in late 2013 after a video of weinstein -- frail and apparently in declining health -- surfaced in which he said he felt " totally abandoned and forgotten " by his country .. will the drone debate return ?. more than a year later , that reluctance evolved into a close bond between the weinsteins and the maryland delegation of lawmakers and staff who pressed weinstein 's case with the obama administration as well as pakistan .. the congressional offices helped the family navigate the maze of government agencies working to free their loved one , according to one of those lawmakers and a senate aide .. " we do n't get choked up too often at work , " algene sajery said as she held back tears .. " but this is really hard . ". sajery is a foreign policy adviser to sen. ben cardin , d-maryland , who worked closely on the case .. after the white house announced that weinstein had been accidentally killed in a january u.s. drone strike , the aide 's first call was to weinstein 's daughters .. " myself and my colleague worked really closely with them , talked to them all the time ... they 're just such good people , " sajery said of the family .. " there 's a personal connection there . ". cardin and his staff had tracked the weinstein case since news of his abduction surfaced in august 2011 , but when the family reached out to get help pressing their case , cardin 's staff joined forces with rep. john delaney , the weinsteins ' congressman , and began setting up meetings for the family .. cardin 's staff set up meetings for the senator and weinstein 's family with everyone from the u.s. special representative to afghanistan and pakistan to the pakistani ambassador in washington .. cardin and sen. barbara mikulski , d-maryland , wrote to president barack obama , calling on the u.s. to beef up efforts to secure weinstein 's release and dedicate more resources to the cause .. and the staff and lawmakers helped the weinsteins weave through the network of agencies -- from the fbi to the state department and the white house -- working to bring weinstein home .. " we focused on making sure that the capabilities of the government was well coordinated , " delaney told cnn on thursday .. " the government is a bureaucracy , and you have to make sure that it 's working . ". but for the weinsteins and the families of other american hostages held by terror groups abroad , the government has n't always worked well enough -- a frustration that was palpable to the staffers on capitol hill who worked to help them .. al qaeda hostage warren weinstein killed. " unfortunately , the assistance we received from other elements of the u.s. government was inconsistent and disappointing over the course of three and a half years , " elaine weinstein said in a statement thursday .. " we hope that my husband 's death and the others who have faced similar tragedies in recent months will finally prompt the u.s. government to take its responsibilities seriously and establish a coordinated and consistent approach to supporting hostages and their families . ". it 's a criticism that has resurfaced as the families of american hostages were killed abroad spoke up and voiced their frustrations with what they characterized as insufficient u.s. government efforts to bring their loved ones home .. delaney was " saddened , disappointed and outraged that our government was not able to bring warren home , " he said in a statement thursday .. and in an interview with cnn later in the day , he strayed away from blaming the obama administration or people in various u.s. agencies , instead pointing the finger at a disjointed system .. the weinstein family 's frustration with that system boiled over last summer when bergdahl , the u.s. army sergeant , was released by a taliban-affiliated group in exchange for five guantanamo bay prisoners .. the u.s. policy of not negotiating with terrorists appeared to have an exception .. " it 's one of those things where it 's both there 's some hope , but at the same time it caused them some great frustration , " delaney recalled , saying the family asked : " why not warren ? ". but as the state department called the bergdahl exchange a " unique situation , " the weinsteins ' hopes were dashed .. " that 's when they asked us to really step up our efforts , " sajery said .. " that 's when they decided to really go public . ". delaney introduced a resolution calling on the obama administration to use all tools necessary to bring weinstein home and make his return -- and that of other u.s. hostages abroad -- a top priority .. mikulski , cardin and sens. dick durbin and mark kirk of illinois pushed a similar resolution in the senate .. and the weinsteins took to the airwaves , with alisa weinstein appearing on cnn 's " ac360 " to make a public appeal for her father 's release -- and for the u.s. government to do more to secure his freedom .. " my father is just as deserving of freedom as sgt. bergdahl , as are all of the americans who are being held abroad , " she said on cnn last june .. " you can not distinguish between these hostages .. ... they ca n't just pick and choose , decide that it works to get one person out and then leave everybody else there . ". white house press secretary josh earnest on thursday said that " significant resources " were dedicated to try to free weinstein and that " as painful as it is , " the u.s policy of not negotiating with terrorists would remain in place , arguing that removing that policy could promote kidnappings abroad and put more americans at risk .. and state department acting spokeswoman marie harf said many officials at the department were in touch with the weinsteins throughout the process .. while the u.s. policy of not negotiating with terrorists would remain in place , the state department is reviewing how it works to secure the release of american hostages held by terrorists abroad , she said .. the white house announced the review last fall , which obama ordered last summer after terrorists killed or kidnapped americans abroad .. speaking at the office of the director of national intelligence on friday , obama reiterated that the white house will review what happened .. " we all bleed when we lose an american life , " he said .. " we all grieve when any innocent life is taken .. we do n't take this work lightly . ". obama made to sure to praise the intelligence community overall , noting that much of their accomplishments remain classified , while only their failures become public .. " the world does n't always see your successes -- the threats you prevent , or the terrorist attacks you thwart , or the lives that you save , " obama said .. " it can be frustrating sometimes , but that 's part of the function of our democracy .. but i know what you do . ". but delaney , the weinsteins ' congressman , is revving up to push for more reforms that will make government agencies more effective at finding and freeing american hostages held abroad .. delaney on thursday called on the government to streamline the efforts of various agencies and countries in the region that help the u.s. find american hostages -- an effort he 's been pushing in recent months .. the tragedy of weinstein 's death could be just the momentum needed to spur those reforms .. " i think that every single american wants any american held hostage returned , " delaney said .. " there 's tremendous support to do more . ". on friday , elaine weinstein said in a statement that the family has " been moved by the tremendous outpouring of support from around the world . ". " we appreciate the sympathy and condolences we have received from those who knew the warren we loved so much as well as those who did not , " the statement said .. " our thoughts and prayers are with the families of others who have been taken hostage around the world as they endure these terrible ordeals . ". cnn 's sophia saifi reported from islamabad , pakistan ; jeremy diamond reported and wrote from washington ; saima mohsin reported from bangkok .. cnn 's ben brumfield contributed to this report .
thierry henry has hit out at javier hernandez for celebrating his late champions league winner against atletico madrid ` like he had just won the world cup ' .. the real madrid striker sent home fans into raptures when he swept in a pass from cristiano ronaldo with just two minutes left to play after neat work by the portugal international .. hernandez opted to run to the corner and celebrate on his own following his winner but henry feels the forward , on loan from manchester united , owes all the credit to his team-mate .. real madrid striker javier hernandez earns his side champions league victory with a late , late goal. the on-loan mexican striker wheels away in celebration as he fires real madrid in to the next round. hernandez is welcomed by the ecstatic real madrid fans following his late goal against rivals atletico. henry told sky sports : ` to be fair to him he does n't really play .. he was given an opportunity tonight but we still do n't know whether he will play again .. ` he had a couple of chances in the game .. one on his left foot and then another on his right foot .. but i can tell you , he needs to thank ( cristiano ) ronaldo tonight .. ` i know he went on to celebrate alone and everything but he needs to thank ronaldo , because for me he has to .. it 's ronaldo who chooses to change the course of the game .. ` he ( ronaldo ) should 've passed the ball in the first-half but he did n't , but he did in the second-half because he knew he needed to finish them ( atletico madrid ) there and then .. ` that is for me ronaldo 's goal .. there is two minutes to go , he did n't want to take that chance because he knows hernandez is in a better position so you have to play that ball .. ` ronaldo gave him that ball so that goal is ronaldo 's goal .. at that moment he knows he can not shoot so he does n't take the risk of doing something stupid or silly .. the on-loan striker slides to his knees in celebrations following his late goal at the bernabeu stadium. hernandez falls backwards in celebration after his late goal earned real madrid a champions league victory. ` he saw a guy in a better position , which hernandez was , and he gave him the ball , so that is ronaldo 's goal .. ` what i do n't like is that he celebrates like he has just won the world cup .. it 's a tap in .. turn around and celebrate with ronaldo .. ` he knew he had to perform and he had a couple of chances to do it .. even the camera knew , the camera is on ronaldo for a reason . '. hernandez and ronaldo celebrate as real madrid beat rivals atletico madrid in the champions league. thierry henry was quick to criticise the mexican striker for the way in which he celebrated his winner. however , former liverpool defender and fellow pundit jamie carragher was quick to highlight that ronaldo would have done the same if it was his late winner .. the 37-year-old told sky sports : ` it was ronaldo 's goal in terms of what he did for the goal but ronaldo is the worst in the world at things like that .. ` he took a penalty in the final last year to make it 4-1 , he takes his top off and becomes the picture the next day . '. but former liverpool defender jamie carragher did n't share the same views as former arsenal man henry
chelsea have turned to the latest fitness technology to carry them over the line towards the premier league title following a relentless campaign .. having led the chasing pack for most of the season , the blues are currently seven points clear with a game in hand over their closest rivals and seven games remaining ahead of the weekend 's visit of manchester united .. despite their commanding position , jose mourinho 's side is leaving nothing to chance as players hit the gym following the announcement of a partnership with leading wellness solutions provider technogym - who have kitted out their cobham training ground with state-of-the-art equipment .. kurt zouma ( left ) , nemanja matic ( top right ) and eden hazard ( bottom right ) work out at cobham. players including eden hazard and nemanja matic have been pictured being put through their paces while the stamford bridge club 's twitter account features a video of young defender kurt zouma working out at cobham .. carlos lalin , chelsea assistant first team fitness coach and gym manager said ` technogym has a reputation for excellence in the design and manufacture of fitness equipment for elite athletes .. ` as one of the leading clubs in the world , it is natural that we should work with the best .. we are pleased with our choice and hope that this will help us to achieve even more in the coming years . '. new signing juan cuadrado ( left ) and cesar azpilicueta are all smiles at their new running machines. technogym has kitted out chelsea 's cobham training centre with the latest state-of-the-art equipment. player of the year nominee eden hazard trains hard in the gym ahead of manchester united 's visit. azpilicueta and branislav ivanovic take part in some leg stretching exercises using the new equipment. technogym 's founder and president nerio alessandri said , ` over the past 30 years , technogym has invested heavily in research and development work to create unsurpassed fitness equipment and technology that supports top athletes around the world .. ` both chelsea fc and technogym share a strong dedication to performance -- be it at the high-performance training centre in cobham , or in the creation of the most innovative fitness equipment in the market .. ` we are proud to be selected as chelsea fc 's fitness equipment partner , and we look forward to working closely with its players to continuously help them achieve the best performance possible . '. blues defender matic uses weights and resistance training to get himself in shape for sunday. chelsea fitness coach carlos lalin has hailed the club 's partnership with technogym. zouma has broken into the first team this year and has been preferred to gary cahill in recent games. meanwhile , chelsea have had two players nominated for the pfa player of the year awards with diego costa and hazard competing with the likes of harry kane , david de gea , philippe coutinho and alexis sanchez for the accolade .. hazard is hot favourite thanks to his consistently brilliant form , which has also seen the belgium international included in the shortlist for the young player of the year award .. cesc fabregas celebrates scoring against qpr to open to maintain their lead at the top of the table. hazard ( left ) is hot favourite to pick up the pfa player of the year award for his inspiring displays
tamara pacskowska , who posed as a wealthy pensioner to try and sell a # 1million bayswater mews house from under the owner 's nose. a polish conwoman who posed as a wealthy pensioner to try and sell a # 1million house from under the owner 's nose wept as she avoided jail today .. tamara pacskowska pretended to be 76-year-old georgina bagnall-oakley at meetings with estate agents and solicitors in november last year over sale of the home in bayswater , west london .. the 56-year-old , from croydon , south london , could not speak english and took her daughter-in-law monika brzezinska , 34 , along with her on the visits to help her translate .. the fraudsters were eventually caught out in a solicitors office while they were on the cusp of completing the sale of the house to fellow conman , 26-year-old benjamin khoury ,. today at southwark crown court , pacskowska sobbed as she was given a community order and made to pay costs after previously admitting fraud .. mother-of-three brzezinska , who also wept throughout the hearing , and khoury , were also spared jail after they too admitted a fraud charge .. brzezinska thanked the judge after the sentence was passed while khoury grinned in the dock .. pacskowska used a fake driving licence and passport bearing her photograph and mrs bagnall-oakeley 's name and details in the scam .. she claims she was offered # 3,000 to pose as the owner of the property by a woman allegedly named amisha singh .. khoury , of german-israeli heritage who lives in hackney , east london , charged prospective buyers # 50 to show them around the house and also had paperwork relating to the property in his bedroom .. mrs bagnall-oakley bought the property in clarendon mews in 1982 with her husband hugo and it was transferred solely to her name in 2014 .. she was renting it out at the time .. the victim said she was left feeling ` vulnerable , apprehensive and anxious ' after she discovered someone had tried to steal her identity .. in a statement to the court , she said : ` my initial reaction upon learning about the fraud was that of shock that this could so nearly have succeeded .. ` my identity had been stolen and left me feeling vulnerable , apprehensive and anxious .. ` i would not wish this on anyone in the future . '. monkia brzezinska , pacskowska 's daughter-in-law , left , and bejamin khoury , who also admitted fraud , also escaped jail. prosecutor peter zinner described the scam as an ` audacious and sophisticated ' attempt to steal the property , valued at about # 950,000 .. he said : ` in so adopting the sole owner 's identity , purported to be the vendor of the property and instructed solicitors to sell the property for that sum and it was only the subsequent intervention of the police just before completion of the sale that prevented the property from being sold from under the owner 's feet . '. all three defendants were sentenced to two years imprisonment suspended for two years , ordered to carry out unpaid work and pay # 250 each towards prosecution costs .. judge michael grieve qc added : ` it 's not easy to establish your roles in these offences .. ` one is left to wonder how there could ever have been a realistic prospect of mrs pacskowska , who is polish and speaks little if any english , passing herself off as georgina bagnall-oakeley to the satisfaction of a qualified solicitor .. the # 1million house in clarendon mews , bayswater , which the group had tried to sell from under owner georgina bagnall-oakley 's nose. ` ms brzezinska i can only conclude that your role was to support and interpret for your mother-in-law .. ` it 's absolutely clear that there were others who lay behind this fraud who would have substantially benefitted from it and who used you to open yourselves up to high risk for relatively little reward .. ` you took part willingly and for financial gain and provided photographs to be used on false driving licences and passports .. ` others played leading roles in this fraud which on one view was a very sophisticated property fraud .. ` but your mission was doomed to failure .. the victim said she was left feeling ` vulnerable , apprehensive and anxious ' after she discovered someone had tried to steal her identity to sell her home , pictured. ` there was an anonymous tip-off to the solicitors who alerted the police and officers then lay in wait for you in november . '. he added : ` the value of the sale and intended loss to the victim , a 76-year-old lady , is put at just short of # 1million .. ` an elderly lady stood to lose almost # 1million through the theft of her property .. ` she speaks of the vulnerability that the theft of another person 's identity can cause . '
a fully grown new yorker has filed a lawsuit claiming he got seriously injured playing a popular children 's game .. amol gupta , from manhattan , is suing zogsports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall , breaking his nose and elbow , and also injuring his spine .. kickball is a popular american schoolyard game akin to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats .. dropped the ball : amol gupta ( not pictured ) , from manhattan , is suing zogsports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall , breaking his nose and elbow. filed of dreams : the match at the center of the lawsuit took place april 27 , 2013 , on roosevelt island. child 's play : kickball is a popular schoolyard game similar to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats. according to court papers filed in amol gupta 's lawsuit , the young professional joined zogsports ' kickball league in april 2013 .. on april 27 , gupta attended a match on roosevelt island , during which he slipped on a patch of grass and slammed his body against the retaining wall .. in his lawsuit , cited by new york post , gupta accuses the organizers of the match of setting the foul and base lines too close to the brick wall .. on its website , zogsports is described as a co-ed social sports league for young professionals in new york , new jersey , washington dc , atlanta , philadelphia , los angeles and san francisco .. besides kickback , the league offers a variety of throwback , schoolyard-themed games , including dodge ball , wiffle ball , ultimate frisbee and bocce ball .. zogspots also has a philanthropic component to its business model , donating money to the winning team 's favorite charity each season .. according to its site , the league has contributed more than $ 2.6 million to teams ' charities to date .. amol gupta 's lawsuit alleges that officials with zogsports acted in a negligent , careless and reckless manner by ` failing to lay out , set up , operate , manage , maintain and inspect , design , and control ' the layout of the kickball field .. famous player : in october 2012 , actor bill murray ( center ) caused a stir when he stumbled upon a zogsports kickball match on roosevelt island and joined in the fun. documents filed in court detail gupta 's injuries , which are said to have been ` severe , protracted and incapacitating . '. as a result of his fall , the kickball enthusiast allegedly required surgery on his broken elbow that involved the installation of a rod with screws and braces .. doctors also inserted plates and screws in his damaged wrist .. gupta 's lawyer said in a statement that zogsports ` dropped the ball ' in providing a safe environment for its players on april 27 .. the plaintiff is suing for unspecified damages .. in october 2012 , eccentric actor and comedian bill murray made headlines when he stumbled upon a zogsports kickball match on roosevelt island and joined in the fun .. after playing about 10 minutes with a group of 20-somethings , murray 's team lost but he happily posed for pictures with his new pals .
new york ( cnn ) new york state authorities have issued a health alert following a dramatic spike in hospital visits for synthetic marijuana-related emergencies .. gov. andrew cuomo said friday that more than 160 patients in nine days have been rushed to hospitals across the state for adverse reactions to synthetic cannabinoid , known as " spice " or " k2 . ". " spice " and other similar synthetic drugs are often marketed as legal plant material coated with chemicals that are supposed to mimic the effects of marijuana , according to a statement from the governor 's office .. " since the exact compounds contained in synthetic cannabinoid products change so frequently , it 's often impossible for users to know exactly what they are putting in their body , " acting new york state health commissioner dr. howard zucker said .. symptoms after use have a wide range of severity , from confusion , drowsiness and headaches to increased heart rate , seizures and loss of consciousness , according to the new york state department of health .. synthetic marijuana is popular among teens because it is marketed as incense or natural products to " mask its true purpose , " the health department statement said .. " young people may be fooled into thinking that these substances are safe because they are sold over the counter or are in colorful packaging , but they are not made for human consumption , " new york alcohol and substance abuse service s commissioner arlene gonzalez sanchez said .. " they are dangerous and can have significant , long-term effects on the brain . ". the recent surge is not isolated in new york ; other states across the country have noticed similar trends .. alabama department of public health issued a statement last week acknowledging a rise of synthetic marijuana usage and said there had been 98 overdoses suspected to be linked with " spice " in the previous month .. mobile county alone has seen seven cases in 2015 so far , more than the entire previous year , the statement said .. mississippi health officials are also concerned that synthetic marijuana is on the rise .. ninety-seven cases over an eight-day span in april were reported to the mississippi poison control center , a department of health press release said .
( cnn ) two of the best actresses on television are back on " the big bang theory " -- one of our six suggested things to watch this week .. " the big bang theory , " thursday 8 p.m. et , cbs. sheldon and leonard 's moms are back , and that ought to make for one of the best episodes this season .. tv 's top comedy will see the return of christine baranski and laurie metcalf as the mothers of leonard and sheldon , respectively .. seeing as they 're two of the most talented actresses on television , we should be in for a great episode , as the pair drive their sons crazy .. " saturday night live , " saturday may 2 at 11:30 p.m. , nbc. scarlett johannsson is the host , the day after her new blockbuster " avengers " movie opens nationwide .. " mom , " thursday 9:30 p.m. , cbs. allison janney continues to deliver emmy-worthy performances in this underrated chuck lorre dramedy .. the season finale is this week .. " backstrom , " thursday 9 p.m. , fox. time will tell if the rainn wilson crime drama comes back in the fall , but fans of the quirky series wo n't want to miss the season finale .. " blue bloods , " friday 10 p.m. , cbs. the tom selleck drama concludes its two-part season finale , although its future is in question .. " younger , " tuesday 10 p.m. , tv land. this charming comedy from the creator of " sex and the city " just got picked up for a second season .. now is a great time to tune in as sutton foster and hilary duff deal with a secret generation gap that one of them does n't know exists .
newcastle midfielder rolando aarons may have played his last game this season after suffering another injury setback .. the 19-year-old was in contention to play for the club 's under-21s against derby on wednesday evening along with fellow long-term absentee siem de jong .. however , it is understood he has succumbed to injury once again and it is feared his campaign could be over .. newcastle midfielder rolando aarons has suffered another injury setback and may not play again this season. the 19-year-old was in contention to play for the magpies ' under 21s against derby on wednesday. the magpies declined to comment , but aarons ' loss would be yet another blow to head coach john carver , who has seen his side defeated in each of its last five barclays premier league games amid a suspension and injury crisis which shows few signs of abating .. midfielder moussa sissoko was sent off during monday night 's loss at liverpool to ensure his own enforced spell on the sidelines just as carver prepares to welcome skipper fabricio coloccini back from a three-match ban .. carver can not call on striker papiss cisse , who has three more games to serve of his suspension , while steven taylor , paul dummett , massadio haidara , cheick tiote , aarons and de jong have all been missing for some time with most having kicked their last ball of the campaign .. newcastle had hoped aarons ' pace and direct approach would give them some fresh impetus with their season having careered to a halt in recent weeks .. the exciting winger has made only five senior appearances to date this term , the last of them on november 1 when he was used as a first-half substitute in a 1-0 league win over liverpool at st james ' park.â. newcastle midfielder moussa sissoko lunges in and makes a terrible tackle on liverpool midfielder lucas. lucas goes down in pain after sissoko 's nasty challenge at anfield on monday night
juan mata described manchester united 's 4-2 derby victory as a ` massive win ' as they opened up a four-point gap on manchester city .. united had lost their last four meetings with city but goals from ashley young , marouane fellaini , mata and chris smalling gave the red devils their biggest derby win for six years .. sergio aguero opened the scoring and also netted late on for his 100th city goal but united were by far the better team to tighten their grip on third spot in the barclays premier league .. old trafford roars with marouane fellaini after the influential belgian gave the red devils the lead. wayne rooney leaps onto fellaini 's back after united take the lead at old trafford in the manchester derby. ` the first 10 or 15 minutes they were brilliant and played well but after that the team showed character and we came back , ' mata told sky sports 1 .. ` it 's a massive win for us , it 's a great result and everyone at united is happy .. ` the atmosphere was crazy , it is something we will never forget .. juan mata , released by rooney , scores as manchester united smash their rivals at old trafford. ` you could tell how important it was for the fans but we still have six games to go and we have to keep going .. ` it 's a big win and a boost of confidence but arsenal are doing great and i 'm sure city and liverpool will fight to the end , so we have to fight to the last minute . '. young equalised aguero 's early strike and then set up fellaini to give united a first-half lead .. all of united 's outfield players congratulate chris smalling after his close-range header ensured victory. ` we were disappointed to go a goal behind but we showed that team spirit to get back in the game and no other team was going to win it when we went ahead , ' young told sky sports 1 .. ` it was an amazing feeling to score .. i was delighted to put the ball in the net and get an assist as well but the important thing was we showed that character to win the game .. ` it was a magnificent win .. we knew it was going to be a tough game but we knew we had to get the three points . '. ashley young latches on to a loose ball which bounced off gael clichy and fires past the despairing joe hart
a 44-year-old woman has been shot dead in front of her 12-year-old son by a stranger she simply laughed at while passing him in her car .. denise chiffon berry and her son were driving in hawthorne , california on wednesday afternoon when they passed by three men in a cadillac - one of whom had his legs dangling out of the window .. the mother and son allegedly laughed at the scene , but someone in the car did n't find it funny when he made eye contact with the 12-year-old boy .. denise chiffon berry , 44 , and her son ( pictured ) were driving in hawthorne , california on wednesday when a stranger in a cadillac started shooting at them .. ms berry died at the scene while her unidentified son survived. los angeles county sheriff 's department lt. dave coleman told daily mail online on friday that the mother and son were simply having a chuckle .. ` mommy says , " look at that , is n't that funny ? ". and they made eye contact .. she drove on and they began following her , ' he told the daily breeze .. lt. coleman said on friday that no other connection between ms berry and the occupants of the car had been found .. after driving a few blocks , ms berry feared the men were following her so she pulled over near the 14200 block of kornblum ave to tell a police officer parked there monitoring traffic .. the officer told ms berry to park in front of him and he would investigate the cadillac .. it was as ms berry was parking , that the cadillac pulled up and the man in the front passenger seat jumped out and shot at her and her son with two handguns .. the police officer at the scene quickly responded and shot down the gunman .. both the gunman and ms berry were pronounced dead at the scene .. while her son suffered gunshot wounds , he was able to run away from the scene and spoke to police before undergoing surgery on wednesday .. the 12-year-old was in a stable but fair condition as of thursday .. denise chiffon berry , 44 ( pictured ) was pronounced dead at the scene on wednesday .. the metro bus driver leaves her 12-year-old son and an older child , according to neighbors. the 12-year-old boy managed to get away from the scene despite being injured in the shooting and give information to police before being hospitalized and undergoing surgery. scene : when they noticed the cadillac was following them , the mother and son asked a police officer for help .. they were pulling in front of his suv when the white car pulled up and a man got out and started shooting. ` it appears to be random or misguided , ' coleman said .. ` we 'll have to figure that out .. ... we know that , at some point , the little boy made eye contact with the suspect .. we do n't know if that 's what set him off . '. authorities have since identified the shooter as 38-year-old robert washington of rialto , california .. the two other men in the 1994 cadillac were taken into custody .. driver stanley white , 24 , faces charges of murder and conspiracy while 19-year-old backseat passenger brandon white was arrested for conspiracy .. the half brothers were being held on $ 1million bond .. a neighbor who arrived on the scene said he knew washington , who has a previous felony conviction among others , and found the attack out of character for the father-of-two .. ms berry had worked as a metro bus driver for the past more than four years and had an older son , neighbors said .. ` she was a very nice lady , ' a neighbor said .. ` she surely did n't deserve this . '. lt coleman told daily mail online that ms berry and the father of her 12-year-old son appeared to be estranged .. she also leaves two adult sons .
england will not be playing in the under 19 european championships this summer after losing 2-1 to france in their decisive final qualifier .. having beaten denmark and azerbaijan in their opening elite round qualifiers , the young lions had to beat france in saint-lo to advance to july 's finals in greece. but goals from sehrou guirassy and gnaly cornet put the hosts in command and a late response from fulham 's patrick roberts was n't enough to rescue sean o'driscoll 's team .. patrick roberts was on target for england 's young lions against france but it was n't enough to qualify. boosted by the return of tottenham hotspur midfielder harry winks from suspension , o'driscoll reverted to the line-up that had beaten denmark 3-2 late last week .. a swirling wind in normandy made playing conditions difficult , with any long balls ineffective , and consequently the first period saw very few chances .. france managed to take one of theirs , however , just after the half-hour mark .. neal maupay fired the ball into a crowded penalty area and guirassy had the presence of mind to divert it past england goalkeeper angus gunn .. chelsea ' izzy brown came close to equalising shortly before half-time but sent demarai gray 's cross over the bar inside the six-yard box .. sean o'driscoll 's team have missed out on this summer 's european championship finals in greece. france 's second goal , five minutes into the second half , left england with a mountain to climb .. maupay again provided the assist , passing to cornet to drill the ball in off the near post .. the home side were almost over the finish line but there was a flicker of hope for england when roberts halved the deficit from a ruben loftus-cheek cross 11 minutes from time .. but england required a further two goals because of their inferior goal difference in the group and there was to be no late drama as their euro ambitions faded .. england ( 4-1-4-1 ) : angus gunn ( manchester city ) ; ashley smith-brown ( manchester city ) , joe gomez ( charlton athletic ) , brendan galloway ( everton ) , ben chilwell ( leicester city ) ; harry winks ( tottenham hotspur ) ; patrick roberts ( fulham ) , ruben loftus-cheek ( chelsea ) , charlie colkett ( chelsea ) , demarai gray ( birmingham city ) ; izzy brown ( c ; chelsea ) .. substitutions : ola aina ( chelsea ) for smith-brown 76 ; bradley fewster ( middlesbrough ) for colkett 82. substitutes not used : freddie woodman ( newcastle united ) , alex kiwomya ( chelsea ) , aaron kuhl ( reading ) , robert dickie ( reading ) .. booked : colkett 58 , aina 83. france : florian escales , angelo fulgini , mouctar diakhaby , abdou diallo , olivier kemen ( c ) , gnaly cornet , samed kilic , neal maupay , sehrou guirassy , alex blin , lucas. substitutions : lucas tousart for kilic 46 ; benjamin pavard for kemin 67 ; ulrich nnomo for guirassy 84. substitutes not used : bingourou kamara , nicolas senzemba , kingsley coman , lyes houri. scorers : guirassy 31 ; cornet 50. booked : maupay 25 , kemen 45. referee : marco guida ( ita )
jose mourinho claims eden hazard has joined lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo as one of the best three players in world football .. hazard scored chelsea 's 38th minute winner against manchester united and is widely expected to be named pfa player of the year on sunday .. mourinho said : ` he 's a kid , but he knows that he is one of the three best players in the world - he is coping with that responsibility .. eden hazard has been named ` one of the three best players in the world ' by his manager jose mourinho. hazard has been in superb form for chelsea this season and scored the winner against manchester united. hazard 's goal in the 1-0 victory over united extends chelsea 's lead at the top of the premier league table. mourinho has praised the belgian 's exceptional talent and also his unwavering humility amid his success '. i had lots of stars .. hopefully in every club i worked i had stars .. but he is the humble star , yes .. he is the humble star .. ` he 's getting strong .. physically , mentally he 's getting very , very strong .. ` the day before the game i told him : ` this game we will never lose .. ` but we needed to win .. he understands clearly that especially in a moment where the team does n't have all its power , he understands when the game becomes strategically .. ` he understands that his talent is fundamental for the team .. he was there for us and almost a second goal when he hit the post . '. hazard also believes he is having the best season of his career as chelsea close in on the barclays premier league title .. the chelsea winger said : ` i 'm playing my best season ever .. with my experience , i succeed to manage the strong and weak moments in a game better .. ` last year i played a good season , but i disappeared in some games .. ` this season i ca n't really remind a game where i really was n't into .. it 's impossible to be top in 40 or 50 games in a season , but i 've been the best player of the team for several times .. people are talking more about me , but what pleases me the most , is that i 'm doing better than last season . '. hazard , still only 24-years-old , is being hotly tipped to claim the pfa player of the year award this season
a new designer drug even stronger than crystal meth dubbed ' $ 5 insanity ' for its mind-bending effects is spreading across florida .. flakka , which can be injected , snorted , smoked , swallowed or taken with other substances like marijuana , is usually made from the chemical alpha-pvp .. that 's the synthetic version of the stimulant cathinone , the same type of chemical that is used to make bath salts .. the use of flakka a designer drug that can be even stronger than crystal meth or bath salts , is up in florida. flakka can be injected , snorted , smoked , swallowed or taken with other drugs and substances like marijuana. flakka resembles a mix of crack cocaine and meth and it has a noticeably foul smell ( bath salts pictured ). flakka resembles a mix of crack cocaine and meth and it has a noticeably foul smell , wpbf 25 news reported .. st. lucie county sheriff 's office special investigations sgt. rob pettit said : ` it has a strong odor like a sweaty sock .. ` it 's pretty serious .. ` we 're always trying to play catchup with the drug dealers as it is , and now here we are trying to get accustomed to finding yet another drug . '. once ingested , the drug causes a feeling of euphoria , hallucinations and sometimes psychosis or apparent superhuman strength .. the high lasts for a couple hours and users are left with a strong desire to use again .. users have nicknamed the drug ' $ 5 insanity ' because hits often cost less than $ 10 , the sun-sentinel reported .. cathinone use is apparently up across the nation and the use of flakka is also certainly increasing in florida. flakka has been involved in a number of incidents in recent weeks , including one where a man impaled himself white trying to scale a fence , cbs reported .. jim hall , an epidemiologist at the center for applied research on substance use and health disparities at nova southeastern university , said : ` we 're starting to see a rash of cases of a syndrome referred to as excited delirium .. ` this is where the body goes into hyperthermia , generally a temperature of 105 degrees .. ` the individual becomes psychotic , they often rip off their clothes and run out into the street violently and have an adrenaline-like strength and police are called and it takes four or five officers to restrain them .. ` then once they are restrained , if they do n't receive immediate medical attention they can die . '. there were more than 670 flakka occurrences in florida in 2014 , up from 85 in 2012 and zero in 2010 , according to the drug enforcement administration .
a former nfl player has revealed that his mother demanded he pay her one million dollars as the cost for ` raising him for the last 18 years ' after he was drafted into the professional league .. phillip buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the oakland raiders , and seventeenth overall , when his mother made the request in 2002 .. buchanon , who also played for the houston texans , tampa bay buccaneers , detroit lions and washington redskins before retiring in 2011 , discussed the incident in his recently released book new money : stay rich .. ` if my mother taught me anything , it 's that this is the most desperate demand that a parent can make on a child , ' he wrote in an exclusive excerpt released to fox sports .. former nfl player phillip buchanon ( pictured here playing for the oakland raiders ) has revealed his mother demanded he pay her one million dollars as the cost ` for raising him for the last 18 years ' after he was drafted. ` the covenant of having a child is simply that you give your child everything possible , and they owe you nothing beyond a normal amount of love and respect . '. but after years , buchanon said he realized that his mother and family members were different - especially when money became involved .. he told fox sports that he wrote the book to make sure ` the next generation of athletes does n't make the same mistakes ' he did when he finally got paid the big nfl bucks .. buchanon said he followed the ` unwritten nfl new money millionaire ' rule and instead bought his mother a brand new big house , as well as paid for all her finances that did not include food or entertainment .. but he soon realized that gift would come with its own problems .. instead of selling her old house , like he advised , buchanon 's mother rented it to his aunt .. this left buchanon paying for mortgage and maintenance payments for both houses for seven years .. buchanon asks rookies to consider certain questions before buying their family ` big-ticket purchases ' , such as whether the family member would be able to make the payments if they could n't , or if the family member expected them to pay for upkeep 20 years later .. the former football star said his mother never offered him the money she made from her sister 's rent , and later blamed him for ` messing up her life ' after he kicked her boyfriend out of the house he paid for .. ` what she did n't see was that her boyfriend was pimping her and me out , ' he wrote .. ` he was n't bringing anything to the table , just taking . '. buchanon said he bought his mother a house instead , which brought its own set of problems for years. buchanon ( pictured playing for the tampa bay buccaneers ) said his relatives also asked him for money , claiming they needed a check to pay for repairs and bills. buchanon said he eventually became fed up and told his mother he would stop paying for her new house 's upkeep after he paid off the mortgage .. when his mother said the house was too large for her to afford the maintenance , he offered to buy her a smaller house that he would pay for with cash and put in his name , protecting her from loans and giving his brothers and sisters a stable home .. instead , his mother asked for $ 15,000 in cash .. she ended up losing the home .. ` she told me that if the new house did n't have space for two living room sets , she did n't want it , ' buchanon writes .. buchanon said he moved out of his house at 17 because he no longer ` felt secure ' in a home where his mother let people ` come in and out of the house and take what they wanted ' .. and the football player said he soon realized it would n't just be his mother asking him for money , but his relatives as well , who often had ` family emergencies ' .. buchanon ( pictured with the tampa bay buccaneers ) moved out of his house at 17 because he no longer ` felt secure ' at home because his mother let people ` come in and out of the house and take what they wanted '. buchanon said at first he would just write his relatives a check , which he said would ` always get cashed ' even as the problems never got fixed .. that 's when buchanon said he started offering to pay for the 'em ergencies ' directly to the mechanics or companies the money was supposedly owed to , only to have his relatives say ` forget about it ' .. buchanon said he spent ` hundreds of thousands of dollars ' before learning how to deal with his family 's monetary demands .. but he said it was the way his mother treated him that ended up teaching buchanon ` the most important lessons in life ' .. ` the mothers and fathers of the world have been rearing their kids for generations - in every culture imaginable - and it 's a one-way street when it comes to money , ' he writes .. ` if they pay you back someday , and you really are going through hard times , then that 's just a bonus , a gratuity for being a great mother or father . '
if you have ever wanted to roll down a drawbridge to let your guests come through the battlement towers to your castle ... now you have your chance !. a 12th century castle that was once used as a fortress by napoleon has gone on the market for a gigantic # 4,887,164 ( $ 7,510,569 ) .. castello baronale , situated just 31 miles ( 50km ) from rome , towers 3,280 ft over sea level , and includes nine en-suite bedrooms , a further two bedrooms in an adjacent apartment , a lavish ballroom , library , gym and even a theatre .. castello baronale has been tastefully restored to combine modern living whilst maintaining remnants of the property 's illustrious past. the original wooden drawbridge remains intact between two of the castles rectangular battlement towers ( left ) , with a venetian library inside to impress guests ( right ). those who love books will be enticed by the incredible library decorated in the venetian style and historians will be enthralled by a further room dedicated to a collection of military armour and weaponry .. elisa biglia , head of international office co-ordinator at great estate group , said : ` the impressive castle has an intriguing architectural layout and an amazing view .. ` the entire structure is in an excellent state of repair .. all fixtures and fittings are to the very highest standards . '. after dinner entertainment : relax watching a movie in your own home cinema , that can be used for theatrical productions. a relaxing spa room is set within the castle 's walls , for a peaceful retreat after a hard day 's work. sunbathe on a lounger , or take a swim in the castle 's sizeable pool , which boasts picturesque views of the italian countryside. as well as looking foreboding , the castle boasts a colourful history as well .. built in the 12th century , the castle was born by pope urban viii 's nephew , cardinal barberini , in 1541 .. the fort remained in the family for 400 years , until it was sacked by napoleon when he plundered the castle 's gold and used it as a fortress for the french revolutionary troops between 1796 and 1800 .. it was handed back to the barberini family when napoleon was defeated , and remained in their family until 1993 when the property was sold and redeveloped .. not for the faint hearted , the castle shows remnants of military quarters with ammunition storage areas , firing positions , ancient prison cells and even an area previously used for carrying out executions .. the castle has stone towers , and even a wooden drawbridge , to fulfil all your childhood fantasies of living in a fort. the 12th century castle has been tastefully kept and preserved over the years , since when it used to belong to the barberini family. knight of the round table ?. an impressive table sits among bookcases in the stunning castle that was once taken by napoleon. work out in the gym area , or relax in the luxurious spa section of the castle , situated just 50km from rome. in 1541 the nephew of pope urban viii , cardinal barberini , bought the property that was then kept in the family for over 400 years. the castle was sacked by napoleon bonaparte when he plundered all of the estate 's gold and used the castle as a fortress for french revolutionary troops between 1796 and 1800. the castle incorporates nine en-suite bedrooms , along with a further 2 rooms in an adjacent apartment , a large ballroom , various reception rooms , theatre room , library , gymnasium and fitness area. elisa biglia , head of international office co-ordinator at great estate group , said : ` the impressive castle has an intriguing architectural layout and an amazing view .. ` the entire structure is in an excellent state of repair .. all fixtures and fittings are to the very highest standards '. castello baronale , situated just 50km from rome , towers 3,280 ft over sea level and can be yours for a whopping # 4,887,164
a woman was arrested in china after apparently dumping her newborn baby in a rubbish bin in a fast-food restaurant .. staff heard the baby girl crying in the ladies ' toilet of a burger bar in chengdu , sichuan province , reports people 's daily online .. workers who found the baby , who was wrapped in a shirt but was still attached to the umbilical cord and placenta , called the police and ambulance .. a baby girl was found in the bin inside the ladies ' toilet at a chinese burger bar. a woman who had been seen visiting the toilet was established to be the mother and was arrested. staff at the restaurant said they saw the woman going into the toilet and noticed that she 'd stayed there for a long time .. after she came out , she went back to her seat , sitting there without speaking a word .. ` after we discovered the baby girl , we checked the cctv footage , we found this woman likely to be the mother of the baby , so we called the ambulance as well as the police , ' one worker said .. the woman , yuan yen , 34 , was found to have blood on her when she was approached .. she refused to look at her baby or talk to police , who discovered her identity by looking through her purse .. workers at the restaurant said yuan yen had returned to her table and sat ` in a trance '. she was arrested after receiving medical attention and faces charges of neglect. police insisted she have emergency treatment and took her to the same hospital as her daughter , where she refused to see doctors .. a worker at the fast food outlet said : ` the mother was in shock herself and was just sitting there in a trance .. ` there was blood all over her shirt and she had her head bowed in shame .. i think she was just traumatised . '. cops tried to locate her relatives but were unable to contact anybody as her phone had no credit and she had no local addresses on her .. she was later transferred to the police station where she is facing charges of neglect .. the infant , weighing 2.6 kg ( 5.7 lb ) , was declared to be healthy after being checked over by doctors .
a gang of eight dug a 50m underground tunnel in an attempt to steal the ancient treasures inside a 1,400-year-old temple .. the real-life tomb raiders began their daring plan by renting a restaurant across the road from guanghui temple in zhengdin county , north china at the start of february .. and while serving snacks to the public at the front of the building , a team on the inside was hard at work with shovels , ladders , and power drills - digging their way towards the temple 's famous hua pagoda .. audacious plot : a seven-metre deep tunnel , which led to a 50m-long underground passage , was discovered by police when they raided the gang 's property - across the road from guanghui temple. historical site : the temple dates back to the tang dynasty and the hua pagoda ( pictured ) is nationally protected. the criminal investigation bureau was tipped off about the group 's audacious plan at the beginning of march and a task force was assigned to the case , reports people 's daily online .. after two days of investigation , police officers located the tunnel and were able to determine its source .. they launched a sting operation four days later and five gang members were arrested - all of who confessed to plans to steal artefacts beneath the pagoda .. the gang was just 20 metres away from breaching the hua pagoda when they were caught .. evidence of plan : dozens of bags of earth dug up by the gang during their tunnelling were also found by police. police questioning revealed that the gang 's leader is a man named zhang from tianjin , north china .. zhang is a known artefact thief and his associates have also been involved in similar crimes in the past .. they were able to hide their construction equipment from the rented property 's landlord for more than a month - as it 's thought they began digging around the chinese new year .. after removing a board on the restaurant 's floor , police discovered a seven-metre-deep tunnel that opened into a passage leading towards the hua pagoda located 70 metres away .. almost succeeded : the gang had dug 50 metres towards the hua pagoda and were just 20 metres away from breaching it when they were foiled by police. secret underground lair : the tunnel was around 50 metres long when the criminal gang was caught on march 6. the tunnel was around 50 metres long when the gang was caught on march 6 .. five were arrested and three people are still on the run .. guanghui temple was built in tang dynasty ( 618-907 ad ) and renovated in the five dynasties ( 908-960 ad ) .. it was destroyed during the war in late qing dynasty and the pagoda was the only monument remained intact .. the hua pagoda is included in the major historical and cultural sites protected at the national level ( mhcspnl ) in 1961 .. known to police : the gang 's leader , zhang , who was arrested , has a history of artefact theft. concealed : the gang were able to hide their construction equipment from the rented property 's landlord for more than a month. raided by police : five men were arrested following a tip-off , but three of the gang are now on the run
( cnn ) what was supposed to be a fantasy sports car ride at walt disney world speedway turned deadly when a lamborghini crashed into a guardrail .. the crash took place sunday at the exotic driving experience , which bills itself as a chance to drive your dream car on a racetrack .. the lamborghini 's passenger , 36-year-old gary terry of davenport , florida , died at the scene , florida highway patrol said .. the driver of the lamborghini , 24-year-old tavon watson of kissimmee , florida , lost control of the vehicle , the highway patrol said .. he was hospitalized with minor injuries .. petty holdings , which operates the exotic driving experience at walt disney world speedway , released a statement sunday night about the crash .. " on behalf of everyone in the organization , it is with a very heavy heart that we extend our deepest sympathies to those involved in today 's tragic accident in orlando , " the company said .. petty holdings also operates the richard petty driving experience -- a chance to drive or ride in nascar race cars named for the winningest driver in the sport 's history .. cnn 's vivan kuo and janet digiacomo contributed to this report .
john carver knows only too well that a tyne-wear derby can make or break a manager .. his first in the dugout was as assistant to ruud gullit in august , 1999 , when on a sodden night at st james ' park the dutchman left out alan shearer and duncan ferguson and paid for his selection with his job after a 2-1 defeat .. carver is now fighting to win the head coach position beyond the end of this season and knows what impact a victory -- or a loss -- could have on sunday afternoon .. john carver is relishing the chance to take charge of his hometown club against sunderland on sunday. gullit controversially decided not to start star players duncan ferguson and alan shearer in 1999. carver was assistant to former newcastle manager ruud gullit who managed the club between 1998 and 1999. his memories of gullit 's downfall remind him of such consequences .. ` we were at the old training ground at durham cricket club and i was in the room with steve clarke and ruud , ' recalls carver .. ` all of a sudden , he started talking about what the team was going to be against sunderland .. i said , ` sorry ruud , what did you say there ? '. ` he said he was going to leave out alan and duncan .. i said , ` do you know how important this game is ? '. ` he said , ' i have played in some massive derbies .. i 've played in them in holland and london and i played in the milan derby too ' . '. i said , ` yeah , but you have n't played in one like this ruud ' .. ` and then we just walked out of the room .. he seemed set on the fact that was what he was going to do . '. i talked about it being a motivation for the opposition seeing alan and duncan on the bench .. but he had no concerns whatsoever . '. i actually thought , ` if we do n't win it , he 's gone ' .. i said to steve , ` is he writing his resignation before the game ? '. gullit 's selection gambit did not pay off and newcastle ended up losing 2-1 to sunderland at st james ' park. ` we actually went 1-0 up but they turned it around and then the heavens opened .. it was a dreadful night . '. the following morning shearer went to see gullit , only ferguson had beaten him to it , knocking the door off the hinges , legend has it .. by the end of the week he had quit .. carver was also by alan pardew 's side during the last four derby defeats , a factor the former manager admits did him little favours with the toon army .. in that respect , carver knows how much a positive result could aid his chances of landing the job on a permanent basis .. ` in the eyes of the fans , if you win a derby game , it 's massive , ' he said .. ` i 'm not saying everything else is forgotten , but it certainly helps your case .. if i come off and it 's not been a football match but we win 1-0 , i 'll be delighted with that .. ` we had a good football match last weekend ( 2-1 defeat at home to arsenal ) and got nothing for it .. at the end of the day , it 's all about getting the win . '. carver was also assistant manager to alan pardew , who lost four successive games against sunderland
with her contoured skin , glossy hair and high fashion wardrobe , kim is undeniably the breakout star of the kardashians .. but while kim has been busy hogging the headlines , her younger sister khloe has been quietly revamping her look .. khloe , 30 , has been showcasing blonder locks , a flawless face and honed physique in recent weeks - and she 's looking better than ever , so what 's her secret ?. khloe kardashian is looking better than ever - and it 's all thanks to an intense gym regime , hair colour overhaul and very particular beauty regime. for starters , khloe has famously shed an impressive amount of weight and is no stranger to flaunting her new curves in glamorous ensembles .. she recently revealed she 's lost 13 pounds in three months thanks to her grueling exercise regime .. khloe has been showing off her workouts - and her impressive strength - in a series of recent instagram posts .. the 30-year-old reality star displayed her pert posterior while weight lifting close to 100 pounds in the snap she captioned : ` squat !. khloe , pictured , left , in 2007 , and , right , this week , is now showcasing a flawless face and luscious blonde locks , even giving sister kim a run for her money in the glamour stakes. khloe showcased her squat skills by holding up a barbell , which had 25 pound bright yellow weights on each side of the 45 pound bar .. khloe shared with e! news the secret to her toned down figure when she attended a kardashian beauty hair care promo appearance in west hills , california .. the ex-wife of lamar odom donned a body hugging black jumpsuit for the event showing off her weight loss results . '. i try to work out like five days a week , its a lot but i feel great when i do it , ' she admitted to e! correspondent maria menounos .. ` we 're focusing on different body parts we 're making me more lean rather than big and bulky , ' she said .. ` gunnar [ her trainer ] switches up your workout every single day its something different but all the circuit training is cardio circuit training everything you 're doing , you 're still running up your heart rate so you 're burning triple the amount of calories than you would if you were just weight lifting . '. as well as shedding an impressive amount of weight , khloe , pictured , left , in 2008 , and , right , this week , has overhauled her wardrobe and now embraces figure hugging jeans and cleavage-baring blouses. khloe , pictured , left , at the 2013 kardashian kollection cocktail party in sydney , australia , and , right , last week , has lost 13 pounds in three months thanks to her grueling exercise regime. celine spring 2011 pony skin lined sandals. sold out but check out similar suggestions below. khloe showcases the kardashian hair product line perfectly with a stark monochrome outfit and a pop of red on her feet at the ulta launch .. people instantly focus on her golden tresses and we certainly were staring at her flaming hot celine pony hair lined barely there heels .. while these might have blended into a red carpet , this was the perfect time to wear these scarlet sandals so that we could all see the celine .. pheobe philo , the head designer of celine , knows what a woman wants and has created must have accessories since her appointment .. these shoes were sold out that spring 2011 .. however , you wo n't be left in the dust for many other designers have jumped on to the strap and chain motif .. we love the alexander mcqueen pair with its skull charm but the one at 6pm is such a steal at 18.99 !. alexander mcqueen pelle s. cuoio sandal in flame at zappos. michael antonio patent jasari sandals at 6pm. adding : ` and on the weekend i have a gym in my community i try to do just cardio .. you just turn on some junk tv and you do n't realize what you 're doing , and i love that . '. while khloe revs up her exercise routines , she is also taking her diet seriously . '. i used to not watch what i ate .. i would just kind of eat whatever .. i was realizing , " i work out all the time .. why ca n't i drop this weight ? ". it 's really food , ' she explained .. ` so i started dieting a little .. i do n't eat dairy anymore -- or i try not to , because i 'm addicted to cheese ! '. i lost like 13 lbs .. since january from just cutting out diary , ' she proudly shared .. last month , khloe posted a picture of her when she shot to fame and contrasted it to a recent one .. she wrote : ` looking back at pictures of myself i did n't realize at the time how unhealthy my lifestyle actually was .. ` people love to call me the fat one but as weird as it sounds i still do n't think i would consider myself fat back then .. definitely overweight and unhealthy , yes .. about two years ago i decided to turn to fitness as a form of therapy and as a stress reliever . '. i started slow and eventually i started working out 4 to 5 days a week .. we all have to start somewhere and doing something is better than nothing at all .. working out is a huge part of my life now .. i genuinely enjoy sweating out my frustrations and living a healthier life .. my workouts are not all about vanity .. they are about clarity for my mind and soul . '. khlpo has also had a copy-kim makeover and looks more flawless and contoured than ever before thanks to the family 's make-up artist , rob scheppy. khloe , pictured with her famous sisters , kourtney , left , and kim , right , has aired her views on plastic surgery .. in 2013 , she told cosmopolitan magazine that she had never had cosmetic surgery but did not rule it out for the future. to complement her exercise regime , khloe has revealed her top beauty tip for tight , glowing skin : a pregnancy cream for your décolletage .. the 30-year-old reality star admitted to into the gloss that she uses mama mio 's pregnancy boob tube cream every day because it 's all natural and helps to keep skin firm .. ` it 's got avocado oil and shea butter so when your boobs are growing you do n't get stretch marks , ' she said . '. i like it though , because it tightens your neck , too . '. khloe , the younger sister of kim and kourtney , said she has been using it everyday for a year .. created by pregnancy skincare experts mama mio , the cream aims to soothe and strengthen the décolletage and bust .. labeled a ` secret weapon for moms-to-be , ' it is formulated with green cabbage leaf and blueberry extracts to ease swelling and tenderness , plus omega-rich shea butter that hydrates , heals and firms .. khloe also confessed to using mama mio 's shrink to fit cellulite smoother after her sister kourtney introduced her to the brand when she was breast-feeding .. ` their names are really cute , ' she explained .. she has also had a copy-kim makeover and looks more flawless and contoured than ever before thanks to the family 's make-up artist , rob scheppy .. khloe , left , in vegas in 2008 and , right , at a haircare launch last week , recently admitted to into the gloss that she uses mama mio 's pregnancy boob tube cream every day because it 's all natural and helps to keep skin firm. when it comes to doing her own make-up , she says she is ` pretty good at it , ' and has an extensive list of products she uses to achieve that famous flawless finish .. she uses chanel vitalumière aqua foundation in 60 beige to prep her skin , the urban decay naked illuminated powder , charlotte tilbury colour chameleon in bronzed garnet on her lips and says she ` always ' has an anastasia beverly hills perfect brow pencil with her .. to keep her spots and wrinkles at bay , she washes her face with two products : kiehl 's blue herbal gel cleanser and an all-natural one from her dermatologist , dr. christie kidd .. like the rest of the family , khloe has aired her views on plastic surgery .. in 2013 , she told cosmopolitan magazine that she had never had cosmetic surgery but did not rule it out for the future .. ` i 'm proud for losing weight when i wanted to and i 've never resorted to surgery , ' she said .. ` i 'm not against it - one day i probably will but it would be on my terms .. i wo n't be bullied into it by social media or anyone else . '. khloe 's armenia holiday wardrobe is proof of how much her style has evolved .. khloe , seen with kim , has been dressing to impress , showing off her gym-honed figure in an array tight green dresses , some with thigh-high splits. khloe also recounted a shocking tale to cosmopolitan magazine where she was once overheard her mother kris jenner suggest she change her appearance .. ` words are the most powerful weapon ; they can leave scars forever , ' she said .. ` she did n't mean harm , but when i was around nine i overheard my mom telling her friend i needed a nose job .. i was shocked ; i had n't even thought about it .. ` i 've grown into my face but i 've had makeup artists tell me , " you should get a nose job . ". i 'm so happy that i never have . '. the youngest sister has also been taking some style tips from kim .. khloe has ditched her once-favoured maxi dresses for figure-hugging jeans , bottom-enhancing pencil skirts and cleavage-baring blouses .. her armenia holiday wardrobe is case in point .. khloe has been dressing to impress , showing off her gym-honed figure in an array tight green dresses , some with thigh-high splits .. sorry kim , it seems it 's all about keeping up with khloe .
a meat trader who swindled cash through a mortgage fraud scam to pay for luxury holidays was ordered to pay back # 500,000 today .. grant allen , 38 , of harlow , essex , travelled first class around the world with his girlfriend gaynor godwin and bought a holiday home on the costa del sol , spain , using criminally gained money .. the pair stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing # 30,000 between 2006 and 2010 , including a trip to dubai , united arab emirates , in 2009 worth # 7,600 .. grant allen ( left ) , 38 , of harlow , essex , travelled round the world with his girlfriend , gaynor godwin ( right ) using money from a mortgage fraud scam .. edward byatt ( behind allen , left ) was also involved in the fraud. allen also splurged # 8,700 on a holiday to florida in 2009 when he took his girlfriend and children to disney world .. the old bailey heard that he hid the fraud by buying and trading properties and funnelling large amounts of cash through his unwitting girlfriend 's bank account .. the couple lived in a # 700,000 home in rayne , essex - where # 33,000 was spent on landscaping the garden - and also owned a property in hertfordshire , bought with the proceeds of the fraud .. when the home in essex was raided in 2011 , detectives found large piles of cash including # 1,000 which was stashed in the extractor fan in the kitchen .. judge stephen kramer qc today ordered allen to pay back # 491,000 as the proceeds of crime .. allen , who was jailed for six years for mortgage fraud and money laundering , could face another three years behind bars if he fails to pay the money back .. allen splurged # 8,700 on a holiday to florida in 2009 when he took his girlfriend and children to disney world. however , the court heard he has assets including homes in essex , bishop stortford , and southern spain which he can sell to cover the repayment .. a second defendant , edward byatt , 39 , of buckhurst hill , essex , was ordered to pay back # 10,000 for his part in the fraud .. his name was on the deeds for the home in rayne , despite allen living there with ms godwin and their young son .. ` grant allen used other people in the laundering process .. he is somehow involved in criminal behaviour , ' prosecutor charles evans told the trial in 2013 .. ` the money would have been criminal proceeds . '. during his trial , allen claimed he worked as a meat trader and a builder , and suggested his funds had come from successful gambling ventures .. the pair stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing # 30,000 between 2006 and 2010 , including a trip to dubai , united arab emirates , in 2009 worth # 7,600. mr evans told the jury : ` grant allen and gaynor godwin lived an enviable lifestyle and travelled to dubai and america , sometimes travelling first class and staying in luxury hotels . '. godwin was cleared by the jury of conspiracy to remove criminal property after telling them she had no idea where allen had got the large sums of money .. but allen and byatt were both convicted after trial and were both in court to hear the order being made .. the judge will consider on thursday whether to impose on allen a strict financial reporting order which would force him to present the authorities with regular documents showing his use of money .
if a homeless man stopped you on the street and offered you money , what would you do ?. that is the question being posed in a new youtube video by entertainer yousef saleh erakat , who disguised himself as a homeless man and found out that the answer was often less than kind .. as a man in a suit and on his cell phone walks by in the beginning of the video , erakat gets his attention . '. i just want to be a helping hand today , ' he says , offering the man a $ 10 bill .. the man holds his money for a second , astounded , before throwing it at erakat . '. i do n't need your f *** ing money , you a ****** .. i could f *** ing buy you . '. youtube entertainer yousef saleh erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street his own money instead - and found out the results were less than kind. erakat said he wanted to ` flip the script ' .. throughout the video he appears in a beanie and a cut-off hoodie jacket , holding a cardboard sign that reads , ` no one has every become poor from giving '. another man in a suit walks by , typing on his phone . '. i do n't have any money man , ' he says when he sees erakat .. ` no i do n't need your money , i 'm trying to give you money , ' erakat says .. when the man says he does n't need erakat 's money the actor responds , ` i 'm just trying to help out today , here you go . '. ` does it look like i need your money ?. f *** k out of here , ' the man angrily replies , slapping his hand away before walking off .. ` in today 's society it 's socially acceptable for the wealthy to give money to the homeless , ' erakat explains in the video , posted on his fouseytube channel .. ` is it acceptable because it 's one individual helping another , or because one individual is better than the other - so it 's okay to help ? '. erakat said he wanted to ` flip the script ' .. throughout the video he appears barefoot , wearing a beanie and a cut-off hoodie jacket .. he holds a cardboard sign that reads , ` no one has ever become poor from giving . '. erakat said he wanted to find out if it was acceptable for the rich to give money to the poor because ` it 's one individual helping another , or because one individual is better than the the other - so it 's okay to help ? '. another man tells erakat to ` p *** off , mate , ' when he 's offered the $ 10 bill , and later a woman angrily asks him ` are you trying to be funny ?. are you kidding me ? '. one man stops and offers erakat his water bottle , saying he wants to help him out but it 's all he has to give give at the moment .. but when erakat offers him money instead , he gets angry .. ` you wan na give me money , man ?. f **** you prick ! '. the man says as he gives the seemingly homeless man the finger and yet still taking the $ 10 bill .. erakat 's most volatile reaction comes when he offers to pay for a man 's parking meter , showing him his cardboard sign .. ` let me give you something .. you see that , ' the man then asks , pointing to his white mercedes benz .. ` that 's a benz - you got ta earn your way up , pal . '. after erakat tells the man that advice was the most pretentious thing he 's heard all day , the two begin yelling at each other as the man continues talking about carrying a black card and driving a $ 50,000 c-class car .. ` it does n't matter how much money you have , it does n't matter what car you drive , it matters how humble you are in your heart , ' erakat says .. ` and you 're not really humble saying all that , ' he continues , to which the man just responds , ` this is la baby ! '. when erakat tells one man he 's does n't need money , he 's just trying to ` help out today , ' the man ` does it look like i need your money ?. f *** k out of here , ' slapping his hand away before walking off. erakat 's most volatile reaction came when he offered to pay for a man 's parking meter , showing him his cardboard sign. ` let me give you something .. you see that , ' the man then asks , pointing to his white mercedes benz .. ` that 's a benz - you got ta earn your way up , pal '. only two people featured in the video listen to the seemingly homeless man 's offer and want to give him something in return .. one man hands erakat back his $ 10 bill , adding some money of his own . '. i have all that i need too , ' the man tells him .. when erakat asks , ` you 're going to give me all that ? '. the man responds , ` it 's a good message man , so positive ' . '. i know you 're in a rush , ' erakat says as he tries to grab the attention of one woman .. when she responds that she does n't have any cash he tells her he 's actually ` trying to give you cash ' .. ` no keep it , ' she says , walking towards him .. ` you need it . '. ` look i 'm broke as it is , the only way for me to feel rich in this world is by giving what i can , ' erakat responds .. ` so here you go , ' he says , reaching out to hand her the bill .. only two people featured in the video listened to the seemingly homeless man 's offer and wanted to give him something in return. i have a few dollars , ' one woman told him , opening her wallet .. ` why do n't you take more and make me feel rich for the day ?. i have a few dollars , ' she then says , opening her wallet .. ` why do n't you take more and make me feel rich for the day ?. erakat gives the woman her money back before she can walk off and tells her she 's on camera .. ` i 'm not trying to see who will give me money or who would not , ' he tells her .. ` but i 'm just showing that the only thing they have in this world is to give to others . '. erakat , whose youtube channel has more than 5million subscribers , says the point of the video was n't to see ` if people would offer us money ' .. instead , the vlogger wanted to discover ` how people feel about themselves when someone who is classified as " lesser " than them on society 's class ladder offers them money " .. he admits in the youtube description that the results were ` not expected and not wanted ' .. ` it does n't matter how much you have in life if what you have in life takes away from you being humble , ' he writes .. ` at the end of the day , even the most poor man can be the most rich depending on how much love he has in his heart . '
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats .. here is all the information you need for swansea 's home clash with everton .... swansea city vs everton ( liberty stadium ). veteran full-back angel rangel is in line for his first swansea start for over two months at home to everton in the early barclays premier league kick-off on saturday afternoon .. rangel has not started since the end of january following the arrival of kyle naughton but the former spurs defender has been ruled out for the rest of the season after damaging ankle ligaments against hull last weekend .. angel rangel looks on during a drill at swansea city 's fairwood training centre on tuesday. ecuador winger jefferson montero could make the bench after suffering a hamstring injury on international duty last month .. provisional squad : fabianski , rangel , fernandez , williams , taylor , cork , ki , shelvey , routledge , sigurdsson , gomis , tremmel , amat , bartley , fulton , britton , montero , dyer , emnes , oliveira , grimes , king .. striker romelu lukaku remains a doubt for everton 's trip to swansea and is rated just 50-50 by his manager roberto martinez .. the belgium striker missed the whole international break and last weekend 's win over southampton with a hamstring injury and will not be risked until he is 100 per cent .. romelu lukaku is a major doubt for everton 's trip to swansea city with a hamstring injury. winger aiden mcgeady ( back ) is a major doubt and definitely absent are darron gibson ( metatarsal ) , bryan oviedo ( hamstring ) and tony hibbert ( muscle strain ) .. provisional squad : howard , coleman , jagielka , stones , baines , barry , lennon , mccarthy , barkley , osman , kone , robles , alcaraz , garbutt , besic , pienaar , naismith , mirallas .. kick-off : saturday 12.45 pm - bt sport 1. odds ( subject to change ) :. managers : garry monk ( swansea ) , roberto martinez ( everton ). head-to-head league record : swansea wins 0 , draws 6 , everton wins 13. key match stats ( supplied by opta ). swansea have won just one of their previous 22 matches against everton in all competitions ( d6 l15 ) , though it arrived in their last encounter at home in the league cup this season .. everton have won 13 and lost none of their 19 league games against swansea .. swansea are looking to win three premier league games in a row for the first time since the opening three games of the season .. bafetimbi gomis has scored three goals in his last two premier league appearances , one more than he managed in his previous 25 pl apps for the swans ( 2 ) .. everton are looking to win four successive league games for the first time this season .. swansea have never beaten everton in a league match and drew 0-0 with the toffees earlier this season. the toffees last recorded four-plus wins in a row back in april last season when they won seven on the spin .. everton 's last eight premier league goals have been scored by different players ( including an own goal by leicester 's matt upson ) .. swansea 's ki sung-yong has scored four goals in his last eight premier league games with the last three all coming inside the opening 30 minutes .. garry monk has the best win rate of any swansea manager in the premier league ( 40 per cent , rodgers had 32 per cent , laudrup 27 per cent ) .. leighton baines has assisted eight goals this season , twice as many as in the whole of 2013-14 and two more than any other defender this campaign .
to hear leigh griffiths tell it , the intervention staged by celtic boss ronny deila and assistant john collins was definitely closer to a kick in the what-nots than it was a pat on the back .. whatever the detail of the conversation , and however lasting the effects may be , the short-term impact on the 24-year-old force of nature -- often as unruly and unpredictable as a whirlwind -- has been nothing short of remarkable .. as the kid himself puts it : ` being top scorer now means that , since i have had a talk with the manager , i have knuckled down and proved him wrong , proved jc wrong and shown that i deserve to be here . '. hat-trick hero leigh griffiths with signed match ball and man of the match award. rather revealing , is n't it ?. clearly demanding deila and original gym rat collins did not hold back in dealing with the gifted but wild natural talent , wielding a big stick in a bid to persuade griffiths that the carrot was n't such a bad alternative to chips and tea cakes .. ` i had to improve , ' admits the former hibs star .. ` i was n't playing at the start of the season .. i had a talk with the manager and john collins about everything and about what they wanted me to do .. ` thankfully , in the two months since the turn of the year , i have knuckled down and they are seeing the rewards now .. ` what did they say to me ?. i had to be working hard in the gym and working hard to get my fitness levels up .. i did that and i have been bang on form since the turn of the year .. ` when i was at hibs , i would have been the first name on the team sheet given the goals i scored .. ` but coming here , it 's a massive club and , with the new manager coming into the club , he wanted to impose his own philosophy .. ` playing one up front , you have to work hard and my fitness levels were not up to his standards .. since january , though , my fitness levels have been good and i have been scoring goals .. ` i was brought to celtic to score goals and i 've started to do that since the turn of the year .. i have n't set any new targets -- but i do want a good run of games .. ` i want to be starting every game from now until the end of the season and score as many goals as i possibly can .. celtic 's leigh griffiths ( right ) completes his hat-trick against kilmarnock. ` the manager selects the team he thinks is best to win the game and we have boys in the squad and coming on from the bench .. ` myself , anthony stokes , stuart armstrong , gary mackay-steven were all on the bench against kilmarnock . '. griffiths is making a stronger case than most by banging in the goals , his hat-trick in wednesday night 's 4-1 home win over kilmarnock definitely ranking among the better substitute performances the scottish game has seen this season .. his second treble haul in celtic colours took his total for the season to 15 goals , the majority of those coming in 2015 , as he has contended more frequently with john guidetti , stefan scepovic and anthony stokes for the lone striker 's role favoured -- for now , at least -- by deila .. watching guidetti amble around aimlessly until griffiths arrived to partner the big swede on wednesday night , it definitely seems as though deila has only two options for sunday 's scottish cup semi-final against inverness .. either he plays both in a traditional front-pairing .. or he lets griffiths , scorer of an early opener against caley thistle in the highlands last weekend , loose on his own at hampden .. if his midweek goals explosion makes it impossible to omit the former livingston , dundee and wolves striker from the starting xi , his record in major semi-finals at the national stadium also counts in his favour .. substitute griffiths came off the bench to spark celtic into life after lacklustre first-half. the extra-time hero as he scored his second of the game to ease hibs past falkirk 4-3 at this stage of the scottish cup two years ago , griffiths also opened the scoring for celtic against rangers in the league cup semi earlier this season .. ` i 've played in two semi-finals at hampden and i have won two , ' he points out .. ` hopefully , i can continue that .. ` i 'll be looking to score again .. but the most important thing is for the team to win the game and reach the scottish cup final .. ` inverness will come down and make it difficult for us .. they proved last weekend they are a hard team to beat .. ` every game against them this season has been tight and i expect the same again on sunday . '. if griffiths starts and plays as he did against killie , even caley thistle at their most obdurate will struggle to cope .. his hat-trick -- one perfectly placed header , one absolute screamer from distance and a driven low finish -- was a timely reminder of what he can do , when the mood is upon him .. celtic manager ronny deila ( left ) congratulates griffiths after the final whistle. ` it was n't a bad night 's work , ' he says with a smile .. ` it was just good to get the win because we were disappointed not to win at inverness last weekend .. and we had suffered a setback , going 1-0 down to kilmarnock , although the boys fought back in the right way .. ` all of the goals were my favourites .. the first one was a great ball into the box by kris commons and i managed to head it down into the net .. ` the second one went in off the post and i was just waiting for the whistle to go for being offside for the third .. thankfully , it did n't come and i fired it back across the goalkeeper .. ` it 's only my third hat-trick in senior football , so it 's decent .. my second one came for celtic against inverness last year . '. cute move , dropping that into conversation .. not only am i bang in form , not only do i have a great record at hampden , but i 've shown i can do the business against inverness .. celtic start as favourites on sunday and , with hibs also edging the odds in their semi against falkirk , griffiths could spend may 30 torn between professional pride and genuine love for his hometown team .. asked outright if he would like to face hibernian , balancing up the desire to become a treble winner against the need to condemn his boyhood heroes to at least one more year of scottish cup taunts , griffiths admitted : ` honest answer , no !. ` if they get there , it will be great for the club , but i 'm just concentrating on doing my job for celtic .. we are eight points clear in the league and in a good position and , obviously , we want to go for the treble .. ` there is still a long way to go and we have difficult games coming up .. at the moment , inverness are standing in our way of having a potentially great season . '
a pennsylvania math teacher was called ` dangling candy ' by the judge who sentenced her to 30 days in jail for having sex with a 17-year-old student .. erica ann ginneti , 35 , a married mother of three from philadelphia , pleaded guilty in december to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor .. during her sentencing , montgomery county court judge garrett d. page reportedly asked ` what young man would not jump on that candy ? '. erica ginnetti , 35 , was referred to as ` dangling candy ' by montgomery county court judge garrett d. page , who also reportedly asked ` what young man would not jump on that candy ? '. before sentencing her to 30 days in jail for having sex with a 17-year-old student. page made the ` dangling candy ' comment as he chastised ginneti for sending the student explicit photos and videos of herself , according to huffington post .. the former math and calculus teacher at lower moreland township school district had been facing seven to 14 years in prison , but on friday judge page sentenced her to 3-23 months , including the first 30 days in jail and the next 60 on house arrest .. page 's comments drew criticism from many people , who were also outraged at what they said was a lenient sentencing .. ginnetti , pictured above with her husband , first approached her victim in may 2013 when she chaperoned the senior prom and invited him to come work out at her gym. ginneti will also face three years ' probation , 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years , according to the intelligencer .. in court friday , ginneti wept as she read a letter of apology in hopes of offering the victim ` closure for this nightmare . '. prosecutors said the boy had seen his grades drop in his senior year and has been struggling with social interactions .. the former educator described for the court how she has reconciled with her family and embarked on a new career as a fitness instructor .. in her time off , she volunteers at a church , reported philadelphia inquirer .. page told ginneti he was certain she would continue to turn her life around , but he reminded her that her ill-thought actions had had devastating consequences .. ` one bad day because of sexual hunger has resulted in all this avalanche of harm , ' page stated .. two months after ginnetti first met her 17-year-old victim at his prom in may 2013 they drove to an industrial park and had sex in her car. the judge later clarified that he does not think the defendant is a ` bad human being , ' but stated she must be punished for her ` bad act . '. ginneti 's attorney asked the judge to spare her jail time so she could care for her small children .. she was fired by lower moreland township school district after her arrest in january .. according to investigators , the teacher first approached the victim in may 2013 when she chaperoned the senior prom and invited him to come work out at her gym .. a few days later the 17-year-old responded to ginnetti with a text message , and the two began communicating on a daily basis .. the criminal complaint against ginnetti says that over the next several months , she sent the minor sexually explicit text messages , photos depicting her wearing bikini , a thong and other underwear , and videos showing the woman undressing suggestively and performing a sexual act on herself , according to the bucks county courier times .. according to officials , the illicit relationship culminated in july 2013 when ginnetti and the student met for coffee in starbucks and then drove to an industrial park to have sex in her car .. she then allegedly dropped her paramour back at the coffee shop and told him not to tell anyone about the encounter .. the 35-year-old , pictured above after her arrest in january 2014 , will have to perform community service and register as a sex offender. as part of her $ 50,000 bail condition in january , ginnetti was forbidden from having unsupervised contact with any minors except for her own children - aged 8 , 11 and 14. authorities say the investigation began after they received a tip-off that students had been overheard discussing x-rated pictures showing a minor and ginnetti doing ` sexual things . '. when police questioned the 17-year-old boy , he came clean about the affair and ginnetti then also confessed to having a relationship with the student , police said .. ` i would say that she treated her relationship with this student as she would have treated a relationship with an adult with whom she was involved , ' montgomery county district attorney risa vetri ferman told the mercury news in january .. police said they found several texts the lovers had exchanged discussing their july outing and one mentioning ` a used condom that had been left in ginnetti 's vehicle , ' according to the criminal complaint .. on the night of the alleged tryst , after he returned home , the student told police he got a text from ginnetti asking him to ` do it again . '. as part of her $ 50,000 bail condition in january , ginnetti was forbidden from having unsupervised contact with any minors except for her own children , ages 8 , 11 and 14 .. she also had to surrender her passport , and the authorities have been keeping track of her using a gps device .
nigel farage 's campaigning got off to a faltering start today as he missed a ukip event after getting stuck in traffic .. the ukip leader was expected at a farm in staffordshire , as he prepared to attack the government over defence spending , but organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his chauffeur-driven car .. mr farage faced ridicule last year when he blamed immigrants clogging up the m4 after he missed an event charging supporters # 25-a-head to meet him .. nigel farage 's campaigning got off to a faltering start today as he missed a ukip event after getting stuck in traffic .. he did manage to make an appearance at an event in carrick ( pictured ). mr farage is under pressure to show his election campaign is on track after polls showed a slump in support in ukip and suggested he might struggle to win his own seat in south thanet .. he had hoped to use a return to the campaign trail after the bank holiday weekend to highlight ukip 's call to spend 2 per cent of gross domestic product on defence .. but he missed the farm visit in staffordshire after suffering travel delays , according to a party spokesman .. in december the ukip leader was branded ` silly and dangerous ' after claiming high levels of immigration caused problems on the roads .. he claimed he arrived too late for a # 25-a-head drinks reception in port talbot because the uk 's ` open door immigration ' policy meant that the m4 ` is not as navigable as it used to be ' .. he insisted the no-show was ` nothing to do with professionalism ' amid claims ukip was struggling to cope with increased scrutiny and demands on his time .. ` in all these years in ukip that 's probably about the third event out of a thousand that i have n't made in time , ' he said in december .. mr farage had hoped to use a return to the campaign trail after the bank holiday weekend to highlight ukip 's call to spend 2 per cent of gross domestic product on defence. meanwhile mr farage now is battling to fend off an alarming slump in the polls for ukip - with support falling by a quarter in less than six months .. the ukip leader has seen support for his party drop from 16.75 per cent in november to just 12.25 per cent today , with voters appearing to switch to the tories in the run up to the election .. mr farage is also facing a fight to win his own election battle after falling behind the tories in thanet south , kent - despite enjoying a 12 point lead over his conservative rival just two months ago .. he will visit the west midlands later where he is expected to condemn rising aid budgets under david cameron and will accuse both labour and the conservatives of abandoning the military covenant .. speaking ahead of a visit to the west midlands , mr farage had said : ' i am really looking forward to coming again to the west midlands .. it is the heartland of england . '. he is due to give a speech at the copthorne hotel in brierley hill in the black country this evening .. ukip has seen its support slump from 16.75 per cent in november to just 12.25 per cent today with voters appearing to switch to the tories in the run up to the election. mr farage is facing a fight to win his own election battle after falling behind the tories in south thanet , kent - despite enjoying a 12 point lead of his conservative rival just two months ago. in a direct attack on the prime minister , the ukip leader will add : ` no previous conservative prime minister in history would have countenanced sanctioning continual rises in foreign aid giveaways while at the same time pursuing a programme of continual cuts in defence . '. a conservative party spokesman said mr farage was ` playing politics with the military in a calculated and completely irresponsible way ' .. he added : ` we 've balanced the defence budget after inheriting a truly enormous black hole from labour .. we have the second largest defence budget in nato after the united states and will spend over # 160 billion in the next decade on new military equipment .. ` it comes down to this : you can only have strong armed forces if you have a strong economy first .. that 's exactly what this government is delivering .. ukip would put that at risk - making it up as they go along and letting ed miliband into downing street by the back door . '
property prices are predicted to fall by up to 10 per cent in some states with economists tipping a housing surplus in 2017 .. in a new report , goldman sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years due to low birth rates , high death rates and falling net migration .. this is significantly lower than widely-used australian bureau of statistics population predictions of between 1.7 and 1.8 per cent - which goldman sachs analysts tim toohey and andrew boak label as ` too optimistic ' .. this will create an oversupply and see property prices fall by between 5 and 10 per cent in markets where construction supply has been strong -- particularly inner-city melbourne and perth -- according to bis shrapnel managing director robert mellor .. a new housing development at 88 alfred street in milsons point , on the lower north shore of sydney , with panoramic views of the harbour. sydney will be one of the only markets not to be hit by an oversupply of housing in the next three years , according to economists. property prices are predicted to fall by up to 10 per cent in some states with economists tipping a housing surplus in 2017. ` it is correct to talk about the markets going to go from chronic undersupply to the fact there will be excess supply developing in a number of markets , ' mr mellor told daily mail australia .. ` one market we 've been concerned about for quite a long time is inner city apartments in melbourne , such as in docklands , southbank and the cbd .. ` while there might be a shift in demand patterns with renters wanting to live closer in , it 's not going to be sufficient .. ` supply will swamp the amount of demand and lead to excess supply , and you 're going to find a substantial reduction in rents and the risk of falling values . '. mr mellor said there is a likelihood perth , canberra and adelaide will see declines .. ` perth is seeing a substantial turnaround in supply at the moment and a reduction in underlying demand , ' he said .. ` even in markets like adelaide construction has been relatively strong and as a result there could be some excess supply .. goldman sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent due to low birth rates , high death rates and falling net migration. property prices could fall by between 5 and 10 per cent in markets where construction supply has been strong. this new housing development is at 8 bank street in the west end , brisbane .. brisbane will also be relatively stable , economists say. ` canberra has a significant excess supply because of overbuilding of inner city apartments . '. he added that there was no risk of oversupply in sydney .. ` in sydney the underlying level of demand is so strong relative to supply , and the fact this is a market where there has n't been enough building .. there is very little risk of excess supply developing in this market in the next three years to five years .. ` brisbane does have some risk that problems could occur but then again the timing of that is going to be dependent on how much more supply comes into that market over the next couple of years . '. goldman sachs forecast a 75,000 underlying surplus of established homes across australia by the end of 2017 .. the report predicts that australia 's population will be 530,000 smaller abs estimates for 2017 .. ` it is correct to talk about the markets going to go from chronic undersupply to the fact there will be excess supply developing in a number of markets , ' bis shrapnel managing director robert mellor said. in sydney the underlying level of demand is so strong relative to supply , and there has n't been enough building activity , he said. goldman sachs forecast a 75,000 underlying surplus of established homes across australia by the end of 2017. this is tipped to reduce potential economic growth from 2.9 per cent to 2.5 per cent for the 2015-2017 period . '. a lower " potential " rate of economic growth suggests disinflationary pressures will stabilise through 2015 and support the case for interest rate rises through 2017 , and the rba will likely be in the position of lifting interest rates into an oversupplied housing market , ' mr toohey and mr boak write .. ` australia will need 105,000 fewer homes by the end of 2015 relative to that suggested by [ abs figures ] , 165,000 fewer homes by the end of 2016 and 215,000 fewer homes by the end of 2017 , ' the report states .. australia 's population growth is set to slow sharply through 2015 , according to goldman sachs , with births declining ` at the fastest rate on record ' and uncertain labour markets affecting net migration .. ` we also suggest the rate of growth of deaths will easily double its historical average over the coming decade as the sheer number of individuals moving into age brackets with higher mortality rates swamps any further extension to average years lived , ' the report states .. declining populations are tipped to reduce potential economic growth from 2.9 per cent to 2.5 per cent for the 2015-2017 period. australia 's population growth is set to slow sharply through 2015 , according to goldman sachs , with births declining ` at the fastest rate on record ' and uncertain labour markets affecting net migration
manchester city boss manuel pellegrini has warned his side must overcome a difficult obstacle at crystal palace to avoid losing yet more ground to their rivals .. fading champions city had to watch in frustration on saturday , not only as chelsea extended their lead at the top of the barclays premier league , but as arsenal and manchester united shunted them down to fourth .. slipping to such a position was not in the script when city pulled level with chelsea on new year 's day and any further slips would increase the pressure on pellegrini significantly .. manuel pellegrini has warned his side must overcome a difficult obstacle at crystal palace. manchester city manager pellegrini does not want his side to lose any more ground in the race for the title. with the manchester derby coming next week , city can ill afford to drop points at selhurst park on monday but pellegrini knows the eagles have become a tough proposition under alan pardew .. pellegrini said : ` maybe they are playing different .. they are in a good moment and they are playing with a lot of trust .. ` with the other manager also crystal palace was a difficult team , but now they are playing at home . '. city laboured to a 3-0 win over palace at the etihad stadium in december in what proved neil warnock 's penultimate match in charge .. pardew was appointed early in the new year and since then they have proved highly resilient , losing just three times in the premier league and removing relegation fears .. the monday fixture has meant both sides have had to be patient for their return to action after the international break .. it is a wait that could have been advantageous in terms of extra rest had their rivals lost over the weekend .. manchester city players celebrate scoring against west bromwich albion in their last match. pellegrini knows hisside can ill afford to fall further behind chelsea in the premier league title race. pellegrini ( left ) will try to close the gap between his team and chelsea at the top of the premier league. it has not turned out that way with saturday 's positive results for chelsea , arsenal and united turning the heat up on city , but pellegrini claims it does not make any difference .. the chilean said : ' i do n't think we have excuses about those things .. we are going to play the last game of this matchday but that does n't matter .. ` it is not an excuse and not an advantage .. all the national players arrived back on wednesday - most of them - so every team had three or four days to prepare .. it is not so important . '. should pablo zabaleta feature for city it would come just two days after his wife gave birth to a son , asier .. argentina international zabaleta previously announced his wife 's pregnancy to the wider world with a baby-themed goal celebration during a 4-1 win at sunderland in december .
researchers have discovered that the brain can remember ` neutral ' or boring events more easily when they are tied to an emotion. from what we eat to what we see , we constantly take in details about our environment .. and while there is no need to remember many of them , our brain has the remarkable ability to store information that seems inconsequential at the time in case it becomes useful later on .. given new and relevant information , human beings have the capacity to strengthen weak memories using emotions - and researchers have said this points to the adaptive nature of human memory .. psychologists at new york university have been trying to gain an understanding about how the brain stores memories for 'em otionally neutral events ' that gain significance through subsequent experience .. ` how does the brain store all of this information ?. and how does emotion strengthen mundane memories ? '. post-doctoral fellows joseph dunsmoor and vishnu murty wrote on the conversation .. this study largely focused on how our brains remember emotionally arousing stimuli , such as evocative imagery or traumatic events .. in particular , the study has looked into how the september 11 terrorist attacks in the the us affect memory retention .. the researchers said we take for granted that we remember highly emotional events better than we remember neutral events , like a lunch date .. emotion increases our ability to remember by affecting activity in brain regions involved in emotional processing - particularly the amygdala and striatum - and also the regions involved in encoding new experiences , like the hippocampus .. emotion also increases the strength of our memory over time - a process called consolidation .. strong emotion can strengthen memory for positive events , such as a surprise birthday party thrown by close friends , and for negative events , such as making an embarrassing faux pas at the office holiday party .. researchers said we take for granted that we remember highly emotional events , like 9/11 , better than we remember neutral events , like a lunch date .. this is because emotion affects activity in certain brain regions .. a view over the hudson river towards the september 11th memorial lights is shown. a power nap of just 45 minutes can boost memory by five times , research has found .. a short doze helps you to retain information you have learned and ` significantly ' improves recall , scientists said -- meaning naps really could help students revising for exams .. participants in the study learned 90 single words and 120 unconnected word pairs such as ` milk taxi ' .. some then watched a dvd while others slept .. when they were then retested , those who had slept remembered more word pairs , the journal neurobiology of learning and memory reported last month .. scientists from saarland university in germany , said that during sleep , bursts of brain activity known as sleep spindles play an important role in consolidating newly learned information .. professor axel mecklinger said a nap of just 45 minutes to an hour ` produces a five-fold improvement in information retrieval from memory ' .. ` the memory performance of the participants who had a power nap was just as good as it was before sleeping , that is , immediately after completing the learning phase . '. while many details are not intrinsically emotionally arousing , they can gain emotional significance through our experiences .. for example , the memory of a surprise birthday party includes details like what people were wearing and who was there .. on the face of it , these details are not emotionally significant but we remember them because of the context in which they were experienced .. dr dunsmoor and dr murty 's research has shown that people have better memory for boring information when it 's presented in an emotional context , regardless of if it is rewarding or negative .. ` in some of our earlier studies , we found that people selectively remember neutral pictures if the pictures had been associated with an electrical shock the previous day , even when the volunteers were unaware that we would later test their memory , they wrote .. ` we have also shown that people remember neutral pictures if they are warned that if they forget them , they will receive a shock the next day .. ` likewise , being rewarded with money for remembering certain pictures the next day can boost memory for those pictures as well . '. these experiments focus on emotional factors at the time the original memory is created and the findings show how seemingly trivial information associated with a meaningful event can be selectively preserved in memory .. emotion also increases the strength of our memory over time - a process called consolidation .. strong emotion can strengthen memory for positive events , such as a surprise birthday party ( stock image ) , and for negative events , such as making an embarrassing faux pas at an office party. emotion affects activity in brain regions involved in emotional processing - such as the amygdala ( pictured ) and regions involved in encoding new experiences , like the hippocampus ( also marked ). but what happens when the emotional event happens after the original memories were formed ?. ` in a recent study , we found that an emotional experience can enhance memory for neutral information encountered previously , ' the researchers continued .. volunteers viewed a series of trivial pictures from two categories , either animals or tools .. after a delay , volunteers were presented with a new set of animal and tool pictures -- only this time , when the volunteer saw the pictures they received an electrical shock to the wrist .. ` we already knew that memory would be strengthened for the pictures paired with the electrical shock .. but here we found that if we paired shocks with pictures of animals , memory was strengthened for pictures of animals volunteers saw before any shocks were delivered .. ` if we shocked volunteers when they where shown pictures of tools , memory for the earlier pictures of tools was strengthened . '. the negative experience selectively increased memory for related information that was completely trivial when it was originally experienced .. we use our memory not only to remember the past , but to guide our decisions in the future .. emotion helps us remember relevant information to determine our choices , but without the ability to strengthen seemingly trivial past experiences with new important information , we might end up missing out on future rewards or repeating the same mistakes .
the university of nebraska at omaha is getting a new $ 81.6 million stadium for its hockey , basketball and volleyball teams .. it 'll have luxury suites and everything .. but it seems all anyone can talk about these days .... ... is the taco cannon .. that 's right , we said taco cannon .. an omaha taco shop has teamed up with the university to shoot tacos into the stands at sporting events .. that the foil-wrapped eats will make to fans was made evident when voodoo tacos owner eric newton demonstrated the power of the cannon for cnn affiliate ketv .. that they 'll make it undamaged ?. " i would n't say it would be as restaurant quality when it gets to them , but it 's edible , " newton said .. with this latest technological development , the taco will join t-shirts , stuffed toys , balls , biscuits and the lowly hot dog in hurtling into the stands at public gatherings .. uno fans , um , ate the idea up , sending #tacocannon hurtling past #earthday as the no. 1 trending topic wednesday in omaha .. " how we roll in omaha ... frozen four appearances and projectile tacos , " twitter user mavpuck said , referring to the school 's recent , and sadly taco-less , appearance in the ncaa hockey tournament semifinals .. " this just might be the greatest invention .. ever , " thetoddbryant wrote on twitter .. the tacos will start flying this fall , when the school 's new arena is scheduled to open .. but voodoo tacos has already scored , catching plenty of publicity months ahead of opening night .. " my partners laughed and me and said ` that 's dumb , ' " newton told ketv .. " now they 're emailing me and saying , ` about the best thing we 've ever bought . ' "
( cnn ) it 's only a few weeks since the first presidential announcement but already it feels like the campaign is in high gear .. a number of politicians have officially announced their candidacies and the outline of their messages is starting to emerge .. hillary clinton , who announced last week , even jumped into her black van for a road trip out to iowa , including a pit stop at chipotle along the way .. although the campaign has barely begun , most of the candidates -- and some probable candidates -- are already starting to make mistakes .. most of the mistakes will simply be blips along the way , but some of them might end up being more damaging if they feed into negative perceptions that voters have about the candidates .. here are a few notable mistakes in the past few weeks :. trying to separate himself from the pack , new jersey gov. chris christie called for substantial cuts to social security .. he also promised to reverse the marijuana legalization laws that many states have been enacting in response to ballot initiatives .. both of these statements could come back to bite him , should he run for president .. while christie sees social security cuts as a way to " go big " in crafting a platform for a possible presidential run , as many republicans have discovered social security is a very popular program and one that has strong support from americans who are over 60 -- a big part of the electorate .. on marijuana legalization , christie inserted himself into an issue that has growing public support in red and blue states , especially with the younger and independent voters who christie is promising to bring into a potential campaign .. if christie continues to veer right it will be harder to sell himself as the moderate in the race , and yet there is little chance that he will secure conservative votes over someone like sen. ted cruz .. sen. cruz impressed many observers when he announced his candidacy at liberty university .. but soon after he did something that took many people by surprise .. the texas senator , who has been one of the leading opponents of president barack obama 's health care plan , acknowledged that he would be enrolling in the affordable care act program since his wife was taking a leave of absence from her job to help with the campaign .. it will be hard for him to live this one down .. since he wants to sell himself as the authentic conservative and the republican who will give democrats their biggest toughest fight , the fact that he decided to join a program he has railed against -- and tied up congress with -- will raise questions about whether he is just another politician , and not a true zealot over obamacare .. the decision will offer plenty of fodder to democrats who want to remind voters that republicans rail against government even when they and their constituents depend on it .. if anyone faces authenticity questions , it is kentucky sen. rand paul .. as the so-called " libertarian " in the campaign , paul is aiming to attract younger republicans who otherwise are not interested in the party .. he is also hoping to bring back hard-core anti-government conservatives who believed that their party has moved too far away from their original goals .. paul has already struggled to justify some of his recent announcements , such as calling for a more aggressive war against isis and his statements against gay marriage .. but after announcing his presidency , he brought himself more trouble with his aggressive interaction with " today " host savannah guthrie .. paul became clearly aggravated with what the host and went so far as go explain how to conduct the interview .. the interview focused most media attention on paul 's temper and his interactions with women rather than his message .. in an interview on cnbc , he put his finger to his lips and said " shhh , calm down " to anchor kelly evans .. both moments revealed a side of his character than until that moment had been somewhat off the radar .. " you 're coming off as pretty thin-skinned in your interviews , " megyn kelly of fox news told the senator .. thus far , clinton has had a fairly smooth opening but during her first week on the trail , she did make a minor mistake .. while speaking in norwalk , iowa , clinton said during a discussion about immigration reform that " all my grandparents , you know , came over here " even though only one was really an immigrant .. her staff corrected the statements .. " her grandparents always spoke about the immigrant experience and , as a result she has always thought of them as immigrants .. as has been correctly pointed out , while her grandfather was an immigrant , it appears that hillary 's grandmother was born shortly after her parents and siblings arrived in the u.s. in the early 1880s . ". clinton 's campaign video seemed pitch perfect to many observers , as she largely removed herself from the story line .. her drive to iowa demonstrated that she is n't likely to repeat the kinds of mistakes that she made in 2008 when she failed to take the nuts and bolts of caucus organization seriously .. although the entire opening certainly had the flavor of a made for television event , it has generally been well-received .. clearly the biggest " gaffe " in the run-up to the clinton campaign was in how she handled the story of her use of a private server rather than the state department email system .. although she dragged out the campaign announcement , she certainly should have had more of the team in place given how much attention she would receive .. at first she stumbled in her response , giving the accusers time to spin the story as reflecting a tendency to hide information and suggesting that she was still the untruthful person so many people suspected .. rubio announced his presidential run after the biggest announcement of them all : hillary clinton .. given that rubio is not one of the most well-known of the candidates , outside of republican political circles , his timing was not perfect .. the announcement was overshadowed by clinton 's video and drive to iowa .. coming on the heels of obama 's historic discussions with cuba , the timing and sequence did n't help the senator to get the kind of initial buzz that he was hoping for .. although in the long run this wo n't make a difference , it might have been wise for him to delay the announcement and give his campaign some breathing space .. all of these are still relatively small missteps in the very start of the campaign .. and we know from social scientists than individual gaffes and mistakes do n't really have a big impact on the outcome of these contests , so much as the " fundamentals " like the ability to raise campaign contributions and the endorsements from political elites .. still , mistakes can play a role in campaigns .. while individual mistakes might be fleeting , collectively , these kinds of moments can shape how voters think of candidates when the time comes for a vote .
a gang of six men have been jailed for a total of 31 years after being convicted of a string of sexual offences against teenager girls .. the offences , which ranged from inciting sexual activity with a child , to rape , happened in cars , woods or at the defendants ' homes in banbury , oxfordshire .. oxford crown court heard how they lured victims to parties organised on social media and then began sexually abusing them .. the men were found guilty in march and have now been handed sentences of between three and nine years in jail .. jailed : ahmed hassan-sule , 21 ( left ) was sentenced to nine years ' imprisonment .. mohamed saleh , 22 , ( right ) was imprisoned for four years and nine months. the girls , aged between 13 and 16 , were targeted by the gang at under-18s parties organised by ahmed hassan-sule , 21 , known as ` fiddy ' .. one child described the parties as ' a place where girls would go and the boys would choose their targets ' .. the victims , who were described in court as 'em otionally immature ' were abused from 2009 to 2014 .. sentencing hassan-sule and the others in a court packed with friends and relatives of the defendants and victims yesterday , judge zoe smith said : ` you put on charity events to raise money for your football club .. ` this raised your profile among young people in banbury and you saw yourself as a celebrity .. ` your friends helped put on these events and you became a sexually promiscuous group , not with your own girlfriends , but with girls who were young , vulnerable and lacking in maturity . '. the judge rejected the argument put forward by the defence , who accused the girls of coming forward because ` it 's better to be a victim than a slag ' .. behind bars : kagiso manase , 26 , ( left ) was jailed for four years and said saleh , 20 , ( right ) was sentenced to four years ' detention in a young offenders institute. one of the victims told the oxford mail : ` when i used to go missing i would swear at my mum and i did n't realise i was being really nasty to her .. the men put me against my family -- it was really clever .. when i started hanging around with them i felt important . '. i had no friends and they were the only people left to talk to .. it was a big part of my life and i was scared .. i felt like all my friends were making new memories and i was n't part of them .. ` calling people " slags " as the defence did in this case stops other girls from coming forward .. i would say to other girls to think about the future .. i never wanted to do it .. i never wanted to have sex with them but i thought that 's what friends did . '. thames valley police launched operation reportage after receiving a tip-off about the men 's activities and eventually tracked down numerous teenager girls who had been molested .. detective inspector steve raffield from banbury force cid said : ` this result would not have been possible without the bravery of the victims . '. i would like to thank them for coming forward and giving evidence in this case .. as in all trials without their testimony we would not be where we are today .. ` as a result young people will be safeguarded while these men will have time to reflect upon their actions in prison . '. convicted : takudzwa hova , 21 , ( left ) was sentenced to six years ' imprisonment , while zsolt szalontai , 18 , ( right ) was sentenced to three years ' detention in a young offenders ' institute after being found guilty of rape. justice : the judge rejected the argument put forward by the defence at oxford crown court ( pictured ) , who accused the girls of coming forward because ` it 's better to be a victim than a slag '. those jailed on friday afternoon at oxford crown court were : ahmed hassan-sule , 21 , of banbury , who was found guilty of 13 counts of sexual activity with a child and one count of assault by penetration .. he was sentenced to nine years ' imprisonment .. mohamed saleh , 22 , of banbury , was found guilty of two counts of sexual activity with a child .. he was sentenced to four years and nine months ' imprisonment .. said saleh , 20 , from banbury , was found guilty of one count of sexual activity with a child .. he was sentenced to four years ' detention in a young offenders institute .. takudzwa hova , 21 , of banbury , was found guilty of one count of sexual activity with a child , two counts of causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity and one count of rape .. he was sentenced to six years ' imprisonment .. kagiso manase , 26 , of banbury , was found guilty of two counts of sexual activity with a child , two counts of causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity and one count of sexual assault .. he was sentenced to four years ' imprisonment .. manase had also pleaded guilty to possession of identity documents with intent .. the offence related to being found in possession or control of a false south african passport and uk residence permit .. he was sentenced to one year imprisonment to run consecutively .. zsolt szalontai , 18 , of banbury , was found guilty of one count of rape .. he was sentenced to three years ' detention in a young offenders ' institute .
john carver says he has the hardest job in football as head coach of newcastle united with thousands of supporters planning to boycott sunday 's home match against spurs .. the 50-year-old has found himself the target of angry fans who are disillusioned with mike ashley 's running of the club .. results on the pitch -- they have lost five on the spin - have not helped carver 's cause , but the problems at newcastle run deeper than a boss who has been left with a depleted and disinterested playing squad .. john carver says he has the hardest job in football as head coach of newcastle united. united 's supporters will protest at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition from billionaire ashley , especially as the magpies have returned record profits of # 18.7 million and this week revealed they also have # 34m sat in a bank account .. carver is the only public face of the club and is forced to answer -- or deflect -- questions about the hierarchy on a weekly basis , distracting from what is a difficult task in charge of a squad in desperate need of overhaul .. but as reported by sportsmail last month , senior sources within st james ' park have indicated that derby boss steve mcclaren will take over in the summer , regardless of whether or not the rams are promoted from the championship .. on tyneside , however , he will inherit what carver believes is the toughest task in the land : ` i think it is the hardest job in football , definitely , ' he said .. steve mcclaren has already been tipped as a replacement for carver should he face the newcastle axe. ` for me , this is the dream job , but you love it and hate it at the same time .. ` the hardest thing is taking the criticism off your own people .. some of it is deserved and some of it is not .. ` sometimes you 're dealt the hand and you 've got to get on with it and this is the hand i 've been dealt .. ` when i took it on , if i had n't accepted then i would have been kicking myself .. ` and i 've said this before , i genuinely believe that if i 've got the right tools i can do the job .. ` but it is bitter sweet at the moment .. this job is definitely a rollercoaster . '. website ashleyout.com are co-ordinating sunday 's planned boycott .. they will protest outside of the gallowgate end before kick-off and after the game .. during the match they will go to leazes park behind the stadium .. carver , though , has urged fans to get behind the team .. fans are unhappy at how newcastle are being run under mike ashley and have planned a boycott. ` i would go to the match because i support the team , ' said carver when asked if he would stay away as a supporter .. ` i think they ( boycotters ) do support the team but they have obviously got their own issues .. ` i never thought i 'd see this to be perfectly honest , especially in the north east of england because we love football .. ` so obviously something has triggered in their heads to make them not want to come , and i respect that . '. carver has urged the fans to get behind the squad ahead of their match against tottenham hotspur
( cnn ) unicef said friday that an initial shipment of 16 tons of medical supplies , meant to help 80,000 innocents caught up in the havoc of yemen , had at last landed in yemen 's capital , sanaa .. the conflict is exacting a heavy toll on children and families , unicef said in a statement .. " the humanitarian situation is worsening all the time , with increasingly limited access to water , basic sanitation and critical health services , " the statement quoted unicef yemen representative julien harneis , speaking from amman , jordan , as saying .. " the supplies we have managed to bring in today can make the difference between life and death for children and their families -- but we know they are not enough , and we are planning more of these airlifts . ". aid agencies have been saying that supplies were desperately needed , but getting them into the country in the midst of regional turmoil was difficult .. unicef said its cargo included antibiotics , bandages , syringes , iv sets and other medical supplies .. included as well , the agency said , were micronutrients for up to 20,000 children and water storage materials airlifted through djibouti from unicef 's supply center in denmark .. also friday , the u.n. high commissioner for refugees said that about 900 refugees from yemen have arrived in the horn of africa .. many more are reportedly trying to make the trip but are hampered by fuel shortages and high fees by boat operators .. " unhcr is extremely concerned about the dangers for anyone trying to flee across the red sea and gulf of aden , where there are no search and rescue operations , " the agency said in a statement .. " last year , 246 lives were reported lost in sea crossings to yemen .. unhcr appeals to all ships in the area to be extra vigilant and assist any boats in distress .. we also ask that countries with vessels in waters near yemen -- including surveillance and anti-piracy vessels -- instruct their ships to help with rescues . ". it said that , as demand increases , the boats attempting the dangerous crossing are likely to become more crowded -- a crossing that has historically been made in the other direction , by people fleeing africa in favor of yemen. many yemenis are attempting the trip in rickety fishing boats .. one family told cnn the crossing was " a window into hell . ". and underscoring the increasing toll being exacted by the conflict in yemen , the world health organization said friday that at least 643 people have been killed in the country since the fighting escalated three weeks ago .. but it acknowledged that the number was almost certainly an underestimate .. " as of 6 april 2015 there have been a total of 643 deaths and 2,226 injuries , " the who , the health arm of the united nations , said in a statement .. " casualty estimates are likely to change in the coming days as additional cases are verified and reported . ". the figures cover the period from march 19 to april 6 .. they include , however , only deaths and injuries verified by a health facility .. other deaths and injuries have undoubtedly occurred .. security in the country , which is on the arabian peninsula , deteriorated sharply last month when houthi rebels advanced on sanaa and the port city of aden , forcing president abdu rabu mansour hadi to flee the country .. since then , saudi arabia has launched airstrikes meant to halt the advance of the houthis .. in at least one case , according to houthi sources , one of those strikes hit a school .
testimony got under way tuesday in the murder trial of a 24-year-old kentucky woman who is accused of fatally shooting her lawyer boyfriend in the face in 2012 .. shayna hubers has been charged with murder in the october 12 , 2012 , of 29-year-old ryan poston inside his condominium in highland heights , ohio .. hubers , who was 21 at the time , claimed she was acting in self-defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her , but during an interview with police she was quoted as telling a detective she gave posten ` the nose job he wanted . '. gun-toting girlfriend : shayna hubers ( left ) , 24 , is on trial in the 2012 shooting death of her lawyer boyfriend , 29-year-old ryan poston. crime scene : police say hubers shot poston six times inside his highland heights , ohio , condominium. on the first day of testimony tuesday , jurors were shown a video of the defendant 's interview with police following the slaying .. ` he was screaming at me at the top of his lungs after he had thrown me around the room , ' the woman told a detective sitting across from her , reported cincinnati.com .. ` i shot him enough times to kill him , ' she said , ` so that he would n't suffer ... he was laying there , twitching and making noises , and i shot him in the head .. ` i was watching him die .. it was painful to watch him die and to know that i had done that , ' reported wcpo .. hubers then described her late boyfriend of one year as ` vain ' about his looks .. ` i shot him right here , ' she said in the video as she pointed to her nose .. ` i gave him his nose job he wanted . '. gallows humor : jurors were shown a videotaped police interview with hubers , in which the woman , then 21 , said poston was ` vain ' and she gave him the ` nose job he wanted ' by shooting him in the face. troubled : poston 's family described his relationship with hubers , left , as tumultuous and said that the 29-year-old was trying to end it. prosecutors argued that the woman intentionally shot the attorney six times across a table , including once in the face , after poston tried to end their relationship .. hubers ' attorneys have maintained that their client shot poston to protect herself .. during questioning , hubers explained to detectives that she went to poston 's home ` with the best intentions ' not to kill him , but to convince him to work out their differences and mend their relationship .. but when she arrived , poston allegedly ` resorted to violence . '. the woman said the lawyer made fun of her speaking voice , insulted her family , and physically assaulted her by pushing and dragging her around .. she detailed how the 29-year-old victim allegedly pushed her down against the arm of the couch and threw her against furniture in the moments before the first shot rang out .. ` he said , " you 're just a hillbilly from kentucky . ". i guess the hillbilly came out in me , and i took up for myself , ' she told police in the recording played in court .. hubers ' trial is expected to last two weeks .. she is being held in jail on $ 1.5 million bond .. woman scorned : hubers told police how ryan poston allegedly pushed and shoved her , insulted her family and mocked her for being a ` hillbilly from kentucky . '. she said : ' i guess the hillbilly came out in me , and i took up for myself '. ryan poston graduated from salmon p. chase college of law , northern kentucky university in 2008 , following in the footsteps of his grandfather and uncle .. in may 2012 , he started his own law practice specializing in personal injury cases in downtown cincinnati , ohio .. his family and friends have described him as a bright and hard-working young lawyer who had a promising future ahead of him .. he is survived by his parents and three sisters .. hubers graduated from lexington 's paul laurence dunbar high school in 2009 .. in the fall of 2010 , she made the dean 's list at the university of kentucky as a sophomore psychology major .. zevely said she is close with her parents , and her mother spent the day with her in northern kentucky prior to the shooting .
( cnn ) australia has recalled its ambassador to indonesia for consultations after two australians were among eight drug smugglers executed by firing squad early wednesday .. australian prime minister tony abbott called the executions " cruel and unnecessary " because both men , andrew chan and myuran sukumaran , had been " fully rehabilitated " during a decade in prison .. abbott did n't say what permanent actions , if any , would be taken against indonesia .. " this is a dark moment in the relationship , but i 'm sure the relationship will be restored , " he said .. one of the men 's indonesian lawyers , todung mulya lubis tweeted his apologies .. i lost , " he said .. " i 'm sorry . ". indonesian president joko widodo appeared to shrug off the diplomatic recall , telling reporters that " our legal sovereignty must be respected .. we also respect other countries ' legal sovereignty . ". foreign minister retno marsudi said the country had no plans to recall its own ambassador in response .. " this is a legal case .. this is not a political case so at this very stage , we do not have any plan to call our ambassador back from canberra , " he said .. six other inmates were executed , including nigerians raheem salami , silvester obiekwe nwolise , okwudil oyatanze and martin anderson ; indonesian zainal abidin and brazilian rodrigo gularte , who was said to be mentally ill .. on wednesday , brazil 's foreign ministry released a statement expressing " deep sadness " at gularte 's execution , saying that brazilian president dilma rousseff had urged her indonesian counterpart to spare him due to his " psychiatric condition . ". gularte is the second brazilian to be executed in indonesia this year , with the first -- marco archer cardoso moreira -- prompting the country to recall its ambassador for consultations .. the indonesian government had originally announced that nine prisoners would be executed , but at the last moment filipina mary jane veloso was spared .. " we are so happy , so happy .. i thought i had lost my daughter already but god is so good .. thank you to everyone who helped us , " her mother celia veloso told cnn .. philippines embassy officials said veloso would be returned to yogyakarta prison in central java later on wednesday .. no reason was given for the reprieve but it may relate to developments in her case late on tuesday .. cnn philippines reported that veloso 's alleged recruiter , maria kristina sergio and her partner julius lacanilao , surrendered to authorities .. the report said sergio had denied all accusations in relation to veloso 's case .. veloso 's lawyers claimed the mother-of-two was the victim of human trafficking .. they say she was offered work in malaysia , but when she arrived she was told the job had been filled and was n't aware the bag she 'd been given for the return journey to indonesia was filled with drugs .. a tenth prisoner , frenchman serge atlaoui , was also scheduled to be executed but his case was delayed while a court considers a legal challenge .. candlelight vigils were held for chan and sukumaran in the hours ahead of the expected execution .. the men 's legal teams had been fighting for years for a stay , but it was n't to be .. the men -- then aged in their early twenties -- were arrested in 2005 as part of the " bali nine , " a drug smuggling gang that intended to import 8 kilograms ( 17.6 pounds ) of heroin from bali to australia .. the pair were transported with other prisoners to indonesia 's so-called " execution island " in march , and after being given 72-hours notice of their execution on saturday , chan married his longtime girlfriend , febyanti herewila , on monday in prison .. the executions of sukumaran and chan came despite the fact that both this week received a court date of may 12 to hear an outstanding legal challenge .. on tuesday , lawyers for the men also said indonesia 's judicial commission had yet to properly investigate claims of corruption during their original trial and sentencing .. they said three of the men 's indonesian lawyers had been summoned to attend the commission on may 7 .. however , before the executions , indonesia insisted that all legal avenues had closed .. on tuesday , the prisoners ' families were heard wailing as they boarded a boat for the execution site .. visiting hours were extended until 8 p.m. to give them extra time before they were asked to leave .. under indonesian law , the death penalty is carried out by a 12-man firing squad , although only three guns are loaded with live ammunition .. prisoners are given the choice of whether to stand or sit , and whether they want to wear a blindfold , hood or nothing .. the shots -- aimed at the heart -- are fired from between 5 and 10 meters ( 16 to 33 feet ) , according to amnesty international .. after the executions , the rights group released a statement condemning them as " reprehensible " and issue fresh calls for a moratorium on the death penalty .. while the bali nine have garnered much international attention , their punishment is part of a larger government effort to combat illegal drug trafficking .. indonesian president widodo has insisted that indonesia would not be swayed by appeals for clemency because the country is dealing with a " drugs crisis . ". he told cnn in january that clemency would not be extended to drug traffickers , leading to an appeal from chan and sukumaran that their cases had n't been properly considered .. lawyers for the two men said they underwent radical rehabilitation during their 10 years in kerobokan prison and were helping to counsel and support other inmates .. chan was ordained as a christian minister who led prayer meetings , while sukumaran became an accomplished painter and established his own art classes inside the bali prison .. the indonesian government did n't confirm until late tuesday that the executions were to go ahead .. preparations were clearly underway earlier that day , with the arrival of ambulances at the port where boats leave to go to nusa kambangan island where the prisoners were being held .. images showed individual crosses bearing the prisoners ' names and the date april 29 , 2015 .. families were in little doubt as to what lay ahead .. when reports of his death emerged , sukumaran 's cousin tweeted : " i love you more than you can imagine .. your legacy will live on .. save me a place in heaven . ". cnn 's tasha tampubolon contributed to this report .
( cnn ) a grand jury in dallas county , texas , has decided not to indict two officers in the fatal shooting of jason harrison , a schizophrenic man whose mother had called police for help getting him to the hospital .. " this particular case was reported out as a ` no bill , ' from the grand jury , " said cristal retana , a spokeswoman for the dallas county district attorney 's office .. the grand jury 's decision not to indict means officers john rogers and andrew hutchins wo n't face criminal prosecution in the case .. but the officers are still facing a wrongful death lawsuit from harrison 's family .. the incident occurred in june , and harrison 's family filed a lawsuit in november .. the release of video from one of the officer 's body cameras put the shooting back in the headlines last month .. in it , harrison 's mother answers the door for police and nonchalantly walks outside .. " oh , he 's just off the chain , " she says .. " you can hear him , talking about chopping up people . ". it was a fairly routine occurrence for her to call the police for assistance with her son .. an officer asks who she 's talking about , and she replies , " my son , bipolar , schizo , " as jason harrison appears in the doorway behind her .. he is twiddling a screwdriver between his fingers .. one of the two officers called to the scene tells harrison to drop the tool , a command the officers repeat at least four times as harrison 's mom screams , " jay !. within five seconds of that first command , the 39-year-old schizophrenic man is shot five times -- including twice in the back as he crashes headlong into the home 's garage door , just a few feet from his mother .. video from one officer 's body camera fades to black as harrison 's mother wails , " oh , they killed my son !. oh , they killed my son ! ". the officers continue to tell harrison to drop the weapon .. the harrison family 's lawsuit against rogers and hutchins says they should have used nonlethal means of defusing the situation instead of choosing to engage " in unlawful vicious attacks " when they and the department were aware of harrison 's condition .. the suit also claims the officers violated harrison 's civil rights .. the officers , however , said in affidavits that they were forced to shoot an armed man who they deemed dangerous after he failed to comply with repeated orders to drop a screwdriver .. cnn 's matthew stucker and catherine e. shoichet contributed to this report .
manny pacquiao may be aiming to conquer opponent floyd mayweather jnr on may 2 , but the boxer first set himself the target of conquering the mountains as he continued his harsh training regime .. the filipino-fighter was joined by an abundance of fans as he tested his fitness against the steepness of some mountain roads .. when at the griffith park summit the 36-year-old continued with some interval training as well as stretches as the crowds watched on with awe at his fitness .. manny pacquiao trains with his team at griffith park in los angeles , california ahead of the mega-fight. pacquiao took to the mountains as he prepares to take on floyd mayweather jnr in may. pacquiao and his team continue their high intensity training ahead of the upcoming mega-fight. the filipino-fighter stops for some stretches after reaching the mountain 's summit with his training team. it is now less than a month before the two go head-to-head in las vegas for what will be the richest bout in boxing history .. the fight is expected to break the pay-per-view record of $ 152million set by that fight in 2013 , and is also expected to surpass the 2.5 million buys that mayweather 's fight against oscar de la hoya accumulated in 2007 .. that means that us viewers will have to fork out over three times the amount that uk watchers will pay to watch the fight at the mgm grand in las vegas .. sky won the bidding war to screen the fight on british shores , and it will be shown on sky box office at a cost of # 19.95 .. the boxer practices a few jabs as he trains with his team ahead of his mega-fight on may 2. pacquiao and his team do some stretches after climbing to the mountain 's summit during a training sessio
controversial australian celebrity chef pete evans is under attack again with experts warning his ` reworked ' baby milk formula is dangerous to babies .. dietitians have singled out a ` happy tummy brew ' in evans ' cookbook , bubba yum yum : the paleo way , for new mums , babies and toddlers , because it contains almost five times the maximum vitamin a dose for a baby .. the original recipe for the ` brew ' contained more than 10 times the maximum daily intake of vitamin a for babies .. the paleo diet has been one of the hottest diet trends around , with celebrity followers taking on the lifestyle. the dieticians association of australia said the reworked formula still presents a threat to babies .. ` this new infant ` brew ' could seriously harm babies , ' a spokeswoman for the dieticians association of australia told news corp australia .. ` the authors seem to have made a serious mistake with this second version of their liver and broth recipe , suggesting they do not understand the basic scientific and nutrition information relevant for infant feeding .. ` they have said publicly that they have tried to make it safe by reworking the original recipe , and increasing the age for which it 's suggested from 0-6 months to now be 6-12 months , but they have failed spectacularly to meet any safe standards . '. the paleo advocate has been encouraging hundreds and thousands of australians to embrace the lifestyle. evans 's co-authors , wellness blogger charlotte carr and naturopath helen padrin , told channel 7 last week the dangerous formula had been reworked and renamed ` happy tummy brew ' .. the pair told the program the recipe had changed .. ` we added vitamin c and some calcium , ` carr told the morning show .. it comes after evans ' recently shared two stories on his social media accounts of women who claimed the paleo diet helped alleviate the symptoms of their multiple sclerosis .. a 30-year-old woman , hollie , wrote she thought her life was over when she was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis in september 2013 .. she said that she endured months of constant dizziness , altered temperature perception , extreme fatigue , numbness in her legs and feet and fell into a period of depression .. but after jumping on the paleo diet bandwagon , hollie claimed she has not suffered any ms symptoms over the past 12 months , her depression has gone and she feels healthier than ever .. hollie 's experience led the celebrity chef to share her testimonial with his 868,000-plus followers on facebook on saturday .. pete evans has shared an incredible story about a woman who claims she no longer suffers multiple sclerosis. ` wow this is powerful story on ms , thanks for sharing hollie .. it will make your heart sing .. it has mine , please tag and share wide ! '. the australian chef also shared a similarly remarkable testimony by marg , another ms sufferer .. the woman claimed she has seen significant health improvements after being on evans ' 10 weeks paleo program .. the celebrity chef has been a proud paleo advocate '. i have had a lot of health issues the past years , mainly auto-immune stuff including ms , ' she wrote in the online post .. ` having ms means i 'm always sapped of energy , have numbness , pins and needles , pain , poor concentration , etc. .. marg said she was recently able to walk up and down a flight of 811 stairs .. ` no way on earth i could have done that 10 weeks ago , ' she wrote .. ` my concentration and memory is much better and i can also plan better .. i 'm not off my ms meds yet but i am off my thyroid and reflux meds .. ` thanks so much pete and team for helping me get my life back .. you 've made this road so easy .. as an added bonus i 've gone from a size 16 to a size 12 . '. the my kitchen rules judge has drawn criticism from health experts for promoting the benefits of a ` caveman diet ' that cuts out grains , legumes , sugar and dairy .. but , hollie praised evans for his endorsement of the controversial diet , and said ` the way you are changing the lives of others by leading an example is remarkable ' . '. i have been inspired by your encouragement , great recipes and educated by the accurate information you provide , ' hollie wrote .. ` pete , i thank you so very much for bringing paleo in to the mainstream - people no longer look at me as though i 'm a weirdo for following this way of life . '. in another recent facebook post , the australian chef shared a similarly remarkable testimony by marg who also suffers from ms. evans has drawn criticism from health experts for promoting a controversial caveman ` diet '. latrobe university associate professor of dietetics catherine itsiopoulos pointed out hollie 's diet might have been unhealthy before adapting the paleo lifestyle .. ` her diet may have been poor previously , ' dr itsiopoulos told daily mail australia .. ` there are so many factors to pinpoint - specifically how her condition changed and we do n't know what her diet and eating habits were like before .. ` by eating lean meat , good oil and high intake of bioactive plants such as leafy and root vegetables - could all have a beneficial effect because all of these foods work significantly well together .. ` but we do n't actually know if her condition is cured so it 's hard to advocate on because there 's no scientific evidence to back this up . '. the paleo lifestyle , which evans is a long-time supporter of , bans all dairy , grains , preservatives and sugar. university of south australia professor of population , health and nutrition kerin o'dea said while the diet seemed to have worked for hollie , it might not work for others .. ` pete can share whatever he likes to his followers but there 's never going to be one magic bullet to cure an illness or a serious disease , ' dr o'dea told daily mail australia .. ` someone reporting an anecdote might be true in one person 's case but it 's very difficult to imply it to others , which can be quite misleading for people .. the paleo style of eating , which pete evans is a proud supporter of , has been sweeping across the globe. ` they could feel failure when it does n't work for them , especially when they try to cure a serious condition like this . '. i would n't recommend any particular diet for anyone suffering any type of illnesses . '. the paleo style of eating , which evans is a proud supporter of , has swept the globe and involves a high intake of meat , fish , eggs , vegetables , some fruits , seeds and nuts .
ed miliband 's proposed change in the rules on ` non-doms ' would cost britain billions , experts warned last night .. the labour leader announced plans to overhaul britain 's non-domicile regime , which allows 116,000 foreigners and people with foreign links to pay tax only on money that they bring into britain .. mr miliband initially suggested he would ` abolish ' non-dom status -- but it later emerged that labour is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years .. ed miliband joins crowds in warwick yesterday , where he announced his non-dom plans. the tories pointed out that a five-year grace period would exempt up to six in every ten non-doms from the crackdown anyway , because many non-doms do not stay longer than five years .. announcing the policy , labour aides suggested the change in the rules , which date back to the 18th century , would raise as much as # 1billion .. but tax advisers immediately disputed this , saying driving non-doms away would in fact cost the treasury significant sums .. with non-doms paying around # 8billion in tax and national insurance a year , it is claimed that labour 's proposal could in fact create a huge hole in treasury coffers .. within hours of announcing the policy , shadow chancellor ed balls was forced to admit he did not actually know how much extra cash the measure would raise .. in a further embarrassment , it later emerged that just three months ago he himself had said such a move would be counter-productive -- saying it would result in the country losing money .. in a video that emerged yesterday , mr balls can be seen telling a local bbc radio station that abolishing the status altogether ` will probably end up costing britain money because some people will leave the country ' .. despite this , the surprise move by labour wrongfooted the conservatives , who took several hours to craft a coherent response .. the issue of non-doms is a sensitive one for the tories , because mr miliband has claimed david cameron is close to ` dodgy donors ' , including non-doms , who support the party .. labour has repeatedly attempted to characterise the tories as friends of the rich -- despite official figures showing the best-off are paying more tax than they did under the last labour government .. last night , sources close to chancellor george osborne indicated he would consider scrapping the right to pass on non-dom status to heirs .. last year , mr osborne announced a new # 90,000 annual charge for people who are non-domiciled in the uk for tax purposes but have lived here for 17 of the past 20 years .. tory officials said it was more effective to hit non-doms with an annual levy than to ` tinker ' with the status .. the chancellor said : ` labour 's policy is a total shambles .. you have ed balls admitting it will cost britain money and then when you look at the small print it turns out the majority of non-doms wo n't be affected . '. in a speech at the university of warwick , mr miliband insisted non-dom status was an ` arcane ' rule dating back to the time of william pitt the younger , allowing a ` few people at the top ' to ` operate under different rules ' .. ` there are people who live here in britain like you and me , work here in britain like you and me , are permanently settled here in britain , like you and me , were brought up here , but just are n't required to pay taxes like you and me , ' he said .. graham aaronson qc , who chaired an independent committee which drew up new rules against tax avoidance , said the non-dom regime did need reform .. he said he had advised the treasury two years ago the right to pass it on to heirs should be scrapped , and suggested he also favoured removing the right for british citizens to claim it .. but he was scathing about labour 's proposals , which he said would cost the country dear .. ` it 's either unbelievable deception or the man is completely pig ignorant , ' he told the daily mail . '. i could n't believe what i was listening to .. this is why politicians have such a bad name .. mr miliband was describing non-doms born here , brought up here , who go to school here , use our hospitals .. the audience would have thought that 's what a non-dom is .. but it 's a very small number .. there are those that live abroad , their main family life , home and base but they choose to live in the uk for a month and a half a year .. they pay taxes when they 're here , they may employ people .. it 's ridiculous to treat them the same way . '. jolyon maugham , the qc who advised labour on its plans for reform , conceded the policy could lead to a flight of wealthy taxpayers from britain .. yet the labour supporter was cited by both mr miliband and mr balls as an independent expert who supports the policy .. the qc , who admitted the tories have a ` terrific record ' on squeezing tax dodging , said his own calculations suggested the measure was likely to raise about # 1billion , but there was a risk of a ` negative tax yield ' .. lib dem leader nick clegg defended the non-dom rule , saying it allowed people to come to britain , some of whom were not ` massively rich ' .. simon walker , of the institute of directors , said : ` it 's very unclear what additional revenue would be raised , but the uk 's international reputation would be put at risk . '. nicholas leeming , of estate agents jackson-stops , said : ` the labour party is out to target the wealth creators in this country and will effectively close down london to international businesses and investors . '
the husband of missing woman jessica bialek has posted a heartfelt thank you on social media to everyone who helped bring his wife home .. the sydney photographer returned to her husband sabino matera and their daughter on thursday evening after she vanished on the way to the bank around 8.30 am on wednesday morning .. confirming the 37-year-old was safe , mr matera wrote on facebook : ` dear world of friends and family , i am here to express my most sincere gratitude for the amazing support from all of you .. ` the last 24hr have been hell for me and my family and you all made a huge positive impact on the great outcome : jess safe back home . '. ms bialek returned to her coogee home , in sydney 's south-eastern suburbs , around 6.30 pm on thursday after police launched an investigation into her disappearance and the local community pulled together to find her .. the father of missing sydney woman jessica bialek ( pictured ) made a desperate plea for information about her whereabouts. jessica 's husband sabino matera issued a heartfelt thank you to everyone who helped find his wife. ` jessica is safe and at home .. thank you , ' mr matera posted on his facebook account .. he later wrote : ` thank you for all your prays .. thank you for the search .. thank you for showing me the greatest community i underestimated i had behind my family .. ms bialek 's husband , sabino matera , confirmed she was home with a post on his facebook page. ` thank you for the calls , messages .. thank you for the food .. thanks you police workforce , you have been unbelievable !. i am overwhelmed by the people that joined forces for this huge task : returning a mother at home safe.to all of you mothers : thank you .. ` thank you to the jewish community and its spirit of solidarity .. all your words have a special place in my heart and will never be forgotten.thank you god for bringing back jessica home safely.thank you . '. police have confirmed ms bialek returned home , and she is now speaking with officers about her disappearance .. police thanked the public and media for their help in locating the mother-of-one .. ms bialek had last been seen by her family when she left home to walk to the bank .. her husband said he spoke to her that morning but she has been ` out of reach since then ' .. on thursday afternoon jessica 's father michael bialek , who had just flown in from melbourne , fronted media to appeal for information .. ` we would obviously like to appeal to anyone who may have contacted or had contact with jess , ' mr bialek said .. the mother-of-one was last seen leaving her home in coogee on wednesday morning , around 8.30 am. michael bialek said he simply wants to know his daughter is safe and well , even if she wants to be alone. ` we are desperate to find out from her that she 's safe and if there 's a reason she wants to be on her own we just want to know she 's safe , that 's all we 're concerned about , ' he added with emotion in his voice .. mr bialek said jessica , her husband and daughter had been visiting family in melbourne during the easter break before returning to sydney on tuesday .. ` tuesday morning was the last time .. i walked down to the lobby of our apartment building and that was the last time i saw jess , ' her distraught father revealed .. michael bialek also described as a ` complex character as many young people are today ' but added she was a loving mother , daughter and wife and he simply wanted her home .. detective superintendent gavin dengate said the reason police were involved shortly after jessica 's disappearance was due to how ` out of character ' it was .. ` the reason is it 's out of character , totally out of character for jessica to go missing , ' he said on thursday .. police worked through phone records , social media , cctv , and financial records to try and locate the woman , detective superintendent dengate said .. her husband sabino matera made a worried plea on facebook in a bid to help find her. he added that officers had also been door-knocking and checking moteliers in an attempt to discover where she may have stayed on wednesday evening .. ` she went missing yesterday at 8.30 in the morning so one of our lines of inquiry ... is to look at where she may have stayed last night , ' the officer said .. on wednesday jessica 's devastated husband first took to social media in a plea for help in locating his missing wife , sparking a swift response from friends and the public .. sharing two pictures of his wife wearing sunglasses on the social media site , he wrote : ` important message !. as per today , jessica has gone missing .. police are concerned for her welfare and have released a photo of jessica smiling ( left ) as an investigation is launched into her disappearance. jessica is described as being of caucasian appearance , 170-175cm tall , with a slim build and black hair. ` i spoke to her this morning at 8.30 am and she has been out of reach since then .. we are very concerned about jessica .. please help me to find her !. she left home without her car and not made contact nor returned home .. this is a real alarm . '. concerned friends and family reacted to the facebook status , sending messages of hope and support and sharing more photos of the sydney woman .. ` thinking of you right now sabino , jessica bialek please call someone , ' one friend wrote .. ` praying for jessica 's safe return xxx thinking of you and family right now be strong , ' another said .. ms bialek is an accomplished freelance photographer with an interest in the performing arts and fashion .. according to her website , she has worked for the australian ballet , opera victoria and circus oz .
tripoli , libya ( cnn ) it took one somali woman seven months and 4,000 miles to trek to libya .. from there , she hoped to cross the mediterranean sea so her baby could be born in europe .. she did n't get there .. she was arrested as she was sailing north and is now one of 350 migrants being held in a facility just outside tripoli .. other pregnant women fleeing repression have come to libya -- many fleeing fighting that refuses to stop .. they , like male migrants , are willing to risk their lives on crowded boats to make the final part of the trip .. the somali woman 's baby , sabrine , was born a week after she was detained .. libyan officials are in a quandary .. the prison head admitted to cnn there is no system in place to send these people home , jail them or let them go .. about one-third of the migrants are from eritrea on the east coast of africa .. they denied they were heading to europe and told cnn they just want to go home , which is several thousands of miles away .. in one sense , they are fortunate , even though the time in prison seems like forever .. many others have died when smugglers ' ships sink .. bodies wash up on libyan beaches .. they are anonymous -- no ids , no links to who they were and what was in their past that drove them to try the dangerous trip .. in malta , there are similar stories of death .. on thursday , the bare , stark caskets came in one by one on the shoulders of maltese soldiers .. the tears soon came along with them .. that was the scene in a tent outside the mater dei hospital in valletta , malta , a chance for citizens and dignitaries to remember 24 of what 's thought to be hundreds of migrants killed when their crammed ship sank in the mediterranean sea .. almost all the other victims have n't been accounted for yet , with the presumption that their bodies remain trapped inside the 66-foot ( 20-meter ) boat that capsized late saturday roughly 70 miles ( 113 kilometers ) north of libya .. italian authorities have said that many of the estimated 850 aboard had been locked in the ship 's lower levels with no way out .. why i fled : migrants share their stories. the tragedy has prompted questions about the growing migrant crisis facing europe , as well as about who is responsible for saturday 's tragedy .. the catania , italy , prosecutor 's office announced tuesday that the vessel 's 27-year-old captain , mohammed ali malek , and crew member mahmud bikhit have been arrested on suspicion of " reckless shipwreck , multiple manslaughter ( and ) abetting clandestine immigration " for their roles in the disaster .. those questions still need to be answered .. but thursday , at least , was a day for reflection -- about lives snuffed out simply because people wanted a better life .. " this event reminds us that we are all immigrants and our life is a journey of migration , " imam mohammed el sadi said at thursday 's funeral .. " our grandparents adam and eve , peace be onto them , emigrated from heaven to earth .. we emigrated from our mothers ' wombs to this world , and we will immigrate to the graves . ". the deaths are the latest illustration of the increasing flow of migrants from north africa and the middle east through the mediterranean and into europe -- assuming they survive the trip .. gemma parkin , a spokeswoman for save the children , said that the number of migrants who have fled to find refuge in europe has skyrocketed 70 % this year over last , a dramatic rise that she attributed mostly to the deteriorating security situation in libya .. about 8 % of the recorded migrants between january and april 19 of this year are children , parkin said .. of those , 70 % are n't unaccompanied by adults -- some of them as young as 9 years old .. such numbers represent only people rescued at sea or caught once they reach land .. frontex , the european union 's border management agency , says that many illegal immigrants get through without being detected ; moreover , most of them come in legally via airports and then overstay their visas .. cnn 's nick paton walsh reported from tripoli and cnn 's steve almasy and greg botelho wrote in atlanta .. cnn 's ingrid formanek in catania , italy , contributed to this report .
a commuter is fighting for his life after reportedly bending down to pick up his bag and being hit on the head by a rush-hour tube train as it pulled into a station .. other passengers watched in horror as the man , said to be in his 20s , was struck by a northern line train at stockwell station this morning .. the station , which also serves the victoria line , was shut while medics tended to the passenger who was later taken to hospital .. emergency services were called to stockwell station in south london this morning after a man sustained life-threatening head injuries while bending down to pick up his bag from the platform. graphic designer lesia biloshytska , who was at the station , told how passengers screamed when the young man was hit .. she said : ' a girl who witnessed the whole thing said he had been picking up a bag .. ` he must have not realised how close he was to the edge as he bent down and his head bowed too far forwards at just the wrong moment . '. i was standing only maybe five metres away and he was hit by the front of the train as it came into the platform .. the train was slowing down but we were at the end where people get into the back carriages .. ` there were a lot of people on the platform when it happened , and some were screaming .. at first we did not know if he was under the train or not . '. she added : ' i could only see his legs .. i did not see his injuries because staff were gathering around .. ` at this time of morning the platform is always very crowded .. you have to let two or three trains go before you get on one and there is sometimes a little pushing with people trying to get on and off . '. commuters told of their shock after witnessing the accident , which happened shortly before 9am today. a man was rushed to hospital after he was hit in the head by a train at stockwell this morning .. isabelle zonderland said : ' i was on the tube when it happened .. he got hit only metres from our carriage .. ` when we were let off the tube i saw him lying there .. someone who i believe was on the platform was checking for a pulse .. his face was covered in blood . '. others went on twitter to tell of what they had seen .. one man posted : ` just saw a poor guy get his head pretty much sliced off by the tube @ stockwell as he bent over to get his bag .. hoping he 's ok . '. chris duncan tweeted : ` was on this train .. man hit in the head by oncoming tube train in horrific accident . '. nick brown , london underground 's chief operating officer , said : ' a passenger on a northern line platform was struck by a train entering stockwell station .. ` our emergency response team and the london ambulance service attended the scene .. we are investigating the incident to understand exactly what happened but we have already established that while the station was busy , the platform was not overcrowded . '. the accident was witnesses by scores of commuters , who told of their horror on twitter. the london ambulance service spokesman said : ` we were called at 8.53 am to stockwell tube station to reports of an incident .. ` we sent an ambulance crew , a paramedic on a motorcycle , duty station officer and london 's air ambulance to the scene .. ` we treated a man reported to be in his 20s for head injuries and he was taken as a priority to kings college hospital . '. the accident comes after last month 's tragic incident in which londoner nick mann , 35 , died of severe head injuries when he attempted to save his 32-year-old brother robert from being struck by a train at old street tube station .. robert mann remains in hospital .. earlier in the month , on march 12 , a rush-hour passenger was dragged along at clapham south tube station - three stops from stockwell - after getting her coat caught in a train door .. the woman ended up falling into the gap between two carriages of the northern line train and was taken to hospital with serious arm and head injuries .
a pit pull puppy who could n't walk due to a crippling birth defect has now been likened to the sprightly-footed tap dancer fred astaire after undergoing reconstructive surgery .. four-month-old roscoe was caught on camera this week at the asheville humane society in north carolina taking some of his first steps .. footage shows him teetering around on a tiled floor with his bandaged legs making a tapping sound as he goes .. ready to roll : a pit pull puppy who could n't walk due to a crippling birth defect has now been likened to the sprightly-footed tap dancer fred astaire after undergoing reconstructive surgery. four-month-old roscoe was caught on camera this week at the asheville humane society in north carolina taking some of his first steps. the rescue pup was born with a deformity which caused his front to legs to be bent backwards at the knees .. as a result , he was forced to crawl around on his joints .. however , thanks to more than $ 3,000 in public donations , the canine was able to have the life-changing operation he needed .. both of his limbs were broken and reset into a straight position .. flashback : the rescue pup was born with a deformity which caused his front to legs to be bent backwards at the knees - as a result , he was forced to crawl around on his joints. commenting on roscoe 's progress his foster owner , laurel york , told wlos-tv : ` for the first couple of days he was really wobbly on his stilts .. ` but [ now ] he 's kinda like tap dancing like fred astaire . '. dr. david crouch , who operated on roscoe , said he 's been impressed by the pup 's swift turnaround .. recalling his pre-surgery appearance , the vet said : he was left with little flippers and trying to walk on the tops of his wrists and created bloody sores . '. it 's hoped in around three to four months ' time roscoe will be fully healed and ready for adoption .
the bbc has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the world service claiming the star wars films are anti-women , anti-gay and said darth vader listens to rap music .. godfrey elfwick was recruited via twitter to appear on the programme world have your say , where producers were preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise .. in particular , the programme were looking for people who had never seen any of the films to watch them and give their assessment .. harrison ford as han solo , right and chewbacca , left , in a trailer for the new star wars film , ` star wars : the force awakens ' .. however , despite the fact that mr elfwick 's twitter bio states that he is a ` demisexual genderqueen muslim atheist ' he was still invited on to the programme .. beforehand he also tweeted : ` i 've never actually seen #starwars but the fact that the bad guy was all black and ate watermelons was unbelievably racist even for the 70 's . '. and appearing on the show he started off by saying that the old star wars films are full of social problems ` rooted in homophobia and casual racial sterotypes ' .. on talking about c-3po , who he referred to as c-25 and princess leia , he said ` the gold robot - c-25 or whatever he 's called - is a camp , neurotic coward .. godfrey elfwick was recruited to talk on the bbc world service programme after tweeting about never having seen the films. he later confirmed he would be talking on the programme , where he said the franchise was full of social problems. ` the only main female ends up in a space bikini chained to a horny space slug . '. he then turned his attentions to darth vader adding : ` the main bad guy - what 's he called dark raider - is he black , he has a deep voice , he listens to rap music - it 's just a really bad racial stereotype . '. he finished his assessment by saying that film-makers disney should make ` strong feminist ' films such as the little mermaid and beauty and the beast , before being cut off by presenter chloe tilley .. however , a bbc spokeswoman said afterwards : ` on this occasion , the force was not with us .. princess leia , who was captured by jabba the hutt in return of the jedi .. mr elfwick said the film was anti-women. turning his attentions to darth vader , pictured , he said : ` the main bad guy - what 's he called dark raider - is he black , he has a deep voice , he listens to rap music - it 's just a really bad racial stereotype '. ` the guest presented himself as a 20-year-old who 's never seen star wars ; and we put him on air under that pretence .. ` whys producers always do their best to check guests in a live programme that invites global discussion from listeners . '. the new star wars film , entitled star wars : episode vii - the force awakens , had its first trailer released last week and will hit cinema screens in december .. the one minute 51 second trailer was unveiled by jj abrams during a fan even at california 's anaheim convention center - with stars carrie fisher , mark hamill , daisy ridley , oscar isaac and john boyega looking on .. the clip is the first time han solo , played by harrison ford , has been seen on film since 1983 's return of the jedi .. he is joined by chewbacca at the end of the trailer and heard saying , ` chewie , we 're home . '
young professional footballers can be an easy target with some of their behaviour but on thursday afternoon it was refreshing to sit down and talk with danny welbeck .. he struck me as a thoroughly decent young man who lives his life the right way .. he is a credit to his family and his easy-going manner means he must a dream to work with .. we discussed life at arsenal , scoring against manchester united and his fa cup dreams .. you can watch the full interview on football focus on bbc one today at 12.10 pm and reading 's semi-final with arsenal live on bbc one from 5.05 pm .. danny welbeck talks to sportsmail 's martin keown ahead of arsenal 's fa cup semi-final against reading. martin keown : you 've played at wembley many times and you 've played in a semi-final as well but you 're now one step away from an fa cup final .. does that bring extra nerves ?. danny welbeck : not really .. i think we 've basically just got to play the game , not the occasion .. the team was in this position last year and coming up against wigan proved to be one of the toughest games of the season .. against reading today is going to be another tough game .. we 've just got to approach it the right way and we want to get through to the final .. welbeck expects a tough test as arsenal face a championship side at wembley for the second year in a row. keown : how are you settling in ?. you seem to have been here all your life almost and you 've only been here seven or eight months .. welbeck : the staff at the club , at the training ground and everyone has been very welcoming .. the fans have been brilliant .. my team-mates are class and i 'm just really enjoying my time here .. i 've settled in very well .. it 's a transitional year for me , getting to know new players , new team-mates , new systems and new ways of going about things at a different club .. i think i 've put in a few good performances .. i 've been unlucky on the club front with goals and that 's something i know will come in abundance when i get to know everything spot on with the club and i 'm pretty sure that will happen .. the arsenal striker thinks he has been unlucky in front of goal , but wants to play in a more central role. keown : you talk about goals , you 're playing in a wide position .. what 's your favourite position ?. welbeck : it 's no secret i prefer to play down the middle .. but the formation we play at arsenal , you 're playing on the left or the right .. we 're always interchanging , playing in a three-man attack .. it 's much easier doing that than playing left midfield or left wing in a four-man midfield .. keown : wenger has worked with lots of strikers over the years and been able to develop them .. what 's the area that he 's working on most with you most of all ?. welbeck : we talk about the game , we analyse performances and on the training pitch we 've also got the other staff here so after training we do a bit of individual work so that happens every day .. you are always looking at ways to improve as a player , to develop and i feel like i am developing well as a player .. welbeck , who says he has been made to feel very welcome at arsenal , holds of nacho monreal in training. keown : is it your movement he works on ?. is it holding up the ball ?. or is it a combination ?. welbeck : it 's a combination of everything .. you do n't just work on one thing .. every single day all the lads after training go out and do finishing .. keown : does that become competitive ?. to see who can score the most goals ?. welbeck : yeah it does !. it gets competitive but it 's obviously all fun .. but at the end of the day nobody wants to come last .. we work on a lot of areas of our game .. like his team-mate theo walcott , welbeck is often forced out wide , despite preferring being a central striker. keown : in the last round you put out manchester united .. how did it feel to score at old trafford ?. welbeck : it was a weird occasion for me going to back to old trafford on the away side .. the weirdest thing was warming up on the other side of the pitch .. it just felt a bit weird .. but you have to treat it like it 's any other game and play the game , not the occasion .. obviously i was going back to a club that brought me up and going back to the fans that supported me for years , playing against old team-mates , my old friends , it was a weird occasion .. but i scored the goal , a big goal to get us through to the semi-final .. so it was a spur of the moment to celebrate .. the english international scored the winning goal on his return to old trafford in the quarter finals last month. keown : did it cross your mind not to celebrate ?. welbeck : leading up to the game i had no plans whatsoever .. i just wanted to play the game , get it over and done with and get through to wembley and get to the semi-final .. i scored the goal and whatever i did i would have been criticised -- criticised if i celebrated or criticised if i did n't .. it was just spur of the moment .. keown : against manchester united you seemed extra motivated .. was it anything to do with louis van gaal 's comments before the match ?. welbeck : i did n't see the comments .. going into every game i want to be motivated .. playing against manchester united -- i did it earlier in the season at the emirates -- and then it was a bit different this time going back to old trafford .. there was motivation there but i 'm motivated in every game .. i want to do well for my team , try and win the game and in that case get through to the semi-final .. listen , everyone is entitled to their own opinions , some you like , some you do n't like but that 's just football and it 's life .. welbeck celebrates in front of his old fans , a decision he says was entirely spur of the moment. keown : i think you showed a lot of mental strength going into that situation .. it 's always difficult going back .. welbeck : you 've got to be strong mentally living the life and being a professional footballer .. there 's a lot of people out to get you and whatever you do , everyone 's watching .. you 've just got to be switched on 100 per cent of the time .. that 's just the way i 've been brought up .. my parents are lovely , caring people and they look after me well , they brought me up well and it 's the same with me and my brothers that 's credit to them .. the striker has quickly become a favourite at the emirates , and he thanked the fans for their support. keown : this weekend it 's reading .. have you looked much at their team ?. welbeck : you get to watch a few games throughout the season .. i know they 've got players with premier league experience .. i 've seen them a couple of games this season being a bit direct .. [ pavel ] pogrebnyak 's a player they look for quite often from the back and the wingers will be coming inside to get the ball and flick-ons .. hal robson-kanu plays a bit more inside and [ gareth ] mccleary is a bit more out and out on the right wing .. welbeck has been working hard in training to try and improve his finishing , along with his team-mates. welbeck : yeah i know quite a lot about football !. keown : as a centre forward or a winger , do you look for the weaknesses in the opposition ?. welbeck : you 've got to analyse the positives and negatives in every single team .. you look at that and obviously see where you can nullify their attack and see where their weaknesses are at the back .. the gunners forward picked out pavel pogrebnyak as one of reading 's most dangerous players. keown : how much would it mean to you to get to the fa cup final ?. welbeck : it would mean a lot .. i 've been in this position before with man united when we played everton in the semi-finals a few years back and we lost on penalties .. i remember the situation , i remember how i felt that day and that 's something i do n't want to feel again .. i just want to get to the next stage , get to the final .. this is a very important game so we 're all looking forward to it , we 're going to approach it like it 's any other and play the game not the occasion .
( cnn ) thinking about presidential candidates ?. apparently , hormones are a major factor one should consider .. according to one female businesswoman in texas , hillary clinton should n't be president because her hormones might make her so irrational she 'll start an unnecessary war .. when george w. bush waged an unnecessary war in iraq -- was his testosterone to blame ?. as cheryl rios , the ceo of go ape marketing , sees it : " we 're built differently , we have different hormones .. in the world that we live in , i understand that there 's equal rights and that 's a wonderful thing and i support all of that .. i do n't support a woman being president . ". " with the hormones we have there is no way we should be able to start a war , " rios wrote in a facebook post .. if rios is concerned about hormones impacting decisions in the oval office , she 'd be better off worrying about the male candidates for president .. throughout history , male hormones have indeed impaired some male leaders ' decision-making .. studies show that women leaders take fewer unnecessary risks than their male counterparts .. if science does n't convince you , just google " cheating politicians " for the long and sordid list of men like arnold schwarzenegger , mark sanford and john edwards , whose hormones got the best of them .. rios has taken a lot of flak for her " biblically " inspired beliefs , but she 's not the only one who 's arguing that a woman 's hormones are a legitimate leadership concern .. time magazine declared hillary clinton the " perfect " age to be president , because she 's a postmenopausal woman who is " biologically primed " to lead .. ( she also happens to be a former first lady , senator and secretary of state . ). believe me , i wish i were .. no wonder jon stewart left " the daily show " before the election cycle ramps up in full swing .. if discussions about a candidate 's hormones are what we have to look forward to , the state of presidential politics is depressing indeed .. but underneath the biochemistry debate is a much scarier consideration : the bias against women in the workplace is so well established that even in 2015 , a female candidate will be hard-pressed to get elected unless we have a serious discussion about ending gender bias .. we want to believe that we live in a world where our daughters can do anything and be anything .. and you 'd think they could -- they outnumber boys in college , graduate school and the work force .. but what will limit their potential is not biochemistry or ability , but a bias in how women and girls are viewed .. unfortunately , cheryl rios ' view of women is not unique .. some people believe women have " our place " and that place is not at the table .. they 'll tell your daughter to " go for it " but believe she is n't qualified to fulfill her dreams .. in a compelling series about women and work , wharton school professor adam grant and facebook coo sheryl sandberg lay out the startling facts about the bias women face at work and the profound benefit of eradicating gender stereotypes .. the evidence of bias is undeniable and the examples are endless .. it 's overt : there are more men on corporate boards named john , robert , william or james than there are women on boards altogether .. the bias is also covert : when students rate their favorite professors , they describe the men as " geniuses " and the women as " nice . ". the bias is real , yet so many of us are blind to it .. hillary clinton might not be the perfect candidate , but the fact that she is a woman will make her road to the white house a much steeper climb .. that 's not just a problem for democrats -- it 's a problem for republicans , independents , everyone .. the fact is , equality benefits everyone .. it 's better for the bottom line ( companies with more women in leadership roles make more money ) .. it 's great for kids because children with involved fathers are happier , healthier , and more successful .. it 's great for marriages because couples that share responsibilities have stronger marriages .. and it 's great for corporate teams because diverse teams and companies produce better results .. our nation , our economy and our families would be much stronger if half of our companies were run by women and half of our households were run by men .. it 's not enough to say to our daughters : " you can be anything you want to be . ". what we need to say is : " you can be anything you want to be , despite what some people might think -- and what they think is wrong . ". rios said that if clinton is elected , she is " moving to canada " because " a female should n't be president . ". apparently rios knows as much about women and leadership as she knows about canada : kim campbell became the country 's first female prime minister in 1993 .. correction : an earlier version of this article incorrectly stated that canadians elected their first female prime minister , kim campbell .
kell brook has finally landed the battle of britain he craved , but will take on frankie gavin rather than bitter rival amir khan .. just sixty four days after the first defence of his ibf belt against jo jo dan , brook will return to action on a packed pay-per-view show on may 30 at the o2 in london .. the welterweight bout has been added to a card that includes world title challenges for kevin mitchell and lee selby while anthony joshua faces his toughest test to date against kevin johnson .. kell brook poses outside london 's 02 arena where he will fight frankie gavin on may 30. brook posing on the train as he headed to london for the announcement of his fight. brook ( left ) was back in action as he beat jo jo dan for the ibf world welterweight title in sheffield last month. brook poses with gavin inside the o2 arena after announcing their world title fight. brook had been desperate to face khan at wembley in june but his compatriot ruled out a fight until at least later in the year .. such was the sheffield welterweight 's desire not to rest on his laurels however , that he demanded a quick turnaround . '. i never expected to be out again so quickly but i ca n't wait , ' brook said . '. i respect frankie for stepping up , he has called for this fight for a long time .. i feel like i 'm unbeatable right now and gavin is n't going to be able to cope with my speed and power on fight night .. the o2 is one of the best arenas in the world and it 's an honour to headline a card like this . '. gavin had been due to face south african chris van heerden in birmingham on may 9 but has jumped at the chance to fight for a world title .. brook will fight gavin ( pictured ) during an action-packed pay-per-view show in london next month. gavin ( right ) beat bogdan mitic of serbia on the same night in sheffield as brook 's return last month. the 29-year-old switched to eddie hearn 's matchroom outfit earlier this year , making his debut on brook 's undercard in march .. he was previously with frank warren who guided him to the british and commonwealth titles but he came unstuck when suffering his first defeat against european champion leonard bundu last august .. ` these are the fights you want to be part of and are where i belong , ' gavin said .. ` i 've dreamt of a world title and i will be 100 per cent ready physically and mentally for kell brook .. ` of course it 's going to be tough but i believe kell is beatable and i 've always felt that i have got the skills and the team to cause an upset . '
michael shepard , 35 , allegedly molested at least seven children within 18 months of his release. a serial pedophile in florida has been arrested for molesting at least seven young children in his apartment complex just 18 months after he was released from prison by officials who voted to give him a second chance .. michael shepard , 35 , conned parents into letting him babysit their kids and was frequently seen riding around the neighborhood with children on his scooter , authorities say .. when asked about the sex offender notification he gave to his neighbors , he claimed that he had been in prison for a ` romeo and juliet romance ' with a preacher 's daughter .. police now say he did everything he could to win the confidence of the parents at cedar hollow apartments in pinellas park so that he could prey on their children .. he is accused of horrific sexual attacks on seven children , both boys and girls .. his youngest alleged victim is five years old .. all of them were age 12 or younger .. detectives say he tempted them with video games , candy and trips to mcdonald 's .. he also drove young children to his ` hideout ' in the woods where he allegedly forced them to perform sexual acts on him and raped them .. parents even let their children sleep over at his apartment .. the tampa bay times reports that shepard , who has a history of molesting children dating back 20 years , served 15 years in prison for molesting two boys , age six and nine , at a roller rink in 1998 .. as his term in prison neared its end , authorities filed petitions to keep him locked up under the jimmy ryce act , a florida law that allows sex offenders to be kept behind bars past their sentences if they 're likely to re-offend .. shepard posted these sex offender notifications around his apartment complex , but told parents he was convicted of sleeping with a preacher 's teenage daughter. parents soon began to trust shepard and even let him babysit their kids , authorities say. two psychologists examined shepard and found that he was n't likely molest children again after his release , the times reports .. dr karen c. parker testified on behalf of shepard at a hearing .. dr martin falb , the state 's expert , diagnosed him with pedophilia , depressive disorder and adult antisocial behavior .. he said shepard was likely to re-offend .. but at a hearing , he said he was ` straddling the fence ' on whether shepard should be kept locked up or be released , according to the times .. according to the newspaper , shepard had been caught having sex with other inmates in prison and had a confrontation with his live-in lover , his step-brother , after his release .. when he moved into cedar hollow , he was required to post flyers to his neighbors informing him that he was a convicted sex offender .. he still managed to win the trust of parents in the neighborhood .. within a month , a young boy was allowed to spend the night with him .. the child says that when he woke up the next morning , shepard raped him .
water police have been called in to help with the search of a missing autistic boy , as 11-year-old luke shambrook is ` fascinated ' by water but can not swim .. luke has been missing for two nights in a victorian national park , with temperatures dropping to as low as eight degree celsius on saturday night .. however , he may not even know he is lost and is known to frequently hide , according to his family .. he was last seen leaving candlebark campground in fraser national park near lake eildon at 9.30 am on good friday .. according the herald sun , the 11-year-old was reportedly seen walking near the devils river on sunday , four kilometres south of his campsite where he was last seen .. search crews have rushed to the location and police remain comfortable that the young boy is still alive .. luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused , and he may not even be aware he is lost .. campers are helping rescue teams including the air wing , dog squad , local police and ses volunteers in the search of thick bushland .. luke shambrook was last seen on the national park at 9.30 am on good friday .. it is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since. police assume luke has spent 36 hours without food or water and on saturday night would have experienced temperatures as low as 8 degree celsius .. police hold hope that luke has been able to stay reasonably warm as he was last seen wearing a beanie and warm jacket .. there was a moment of hope when a beanie was found by the search party , however it was decided it did not belong to luke .. having met luke 's family during a push to open a special school in melbourne 's southeast , opposition emergency services spokeman brad battin says it 's devastating to hear the 11-year-old is missing .. he says luke 's parents tim and rachel have been updating him on the search and appreciate the efforts of all those out looking for their little boy .. ` he 's a lovely young kid , ' mr battin told aap on sunday .. ` he displays all the characteristics of a child with autism , which means he might not even think he is lost . '. sergeant greg paul says the search is focused on an area of several kilometres of bushland .. the candlebark campground in fraser national park , central victoria , where luke went missing on friday. ` we 've got a lot of searchers in the bush , we 've got a lot searchers searching all the tracks and in between the tracks and the gullies and the spurs , ' he told reporters on saturday .. the shambrook family has thanked emergency service workers , volunteers , family and friends for their help .. they say the disappearance is completely out of character for him .. a widespread search is being carried by search and rescue teams including the air wing , dog squad , local police and ses members , along with campers around the surrounding areas .. a large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams. sergeant greg paul said the search was focused on an area of several kilometres of bushland .. ` we 've got a lot of searchers in the bush , ' he told reporters on saturday .. ` we 've also got people walking the banks of the lake . '. but he outlined a serious hurdle for the search efforts , according to abc .. ` with the autistic condition , luke might not respond to searchers , he may not even know that he 's lost , ' he said .. ` he wo n't necessarily respond to his name being called , but that might change a little bit as he gets hungry maybe .. lake eildon , near where luke went missing : police say conditions are favourable for his survival overnight , with warm temperatures through the day. sgt paul said there were hundreds of other campers in the area over the busy easter period , so there was a chance someone else could spot luke .. luke is described as being of medium build , about 150 cm tall with olive skin , brown hair and brown eyes .. he was last seen wearing a black windcheater , black t-shirt , grey track-pants , grey boots and a scarf .. sergeant greg paul said the search was focused on an area of several kilometres of bushland. searchers are desperately combing bushland and the banks of a lake for an autistic who went missing there. a widespread search is being carried by search and rescue teams including the dog squad and local police
andy lee will leave new york with his head held high and a burgeoning reputation firmly intact .. a dramatic , frenetic 12 rounds here saw the irishman sent sprawling in the very first against the dangerous peter quillin , the man who vacated the wbo middleweight title lee won so gloriously in las vegas last december before the result was deemed a draw .. it was the first time the reigning champion had gone the distance .. no mean feat considering he fought for a lengthy period with a strained biceps muscle in his left arm .. peter quillin ( left ) and andy lee stand with the referee after the judges declared their bout a draw. the two fighters embrace following their exciting 12-round contest in brooklyn on saturday night. lee retains his wbo belt after quillin failed to make the required 160lbs weight on friday. quillin 's unbeaten record remains intact following the tie though he threw fewer punches than lee. the two fighters congratulate each other at the end of the 12 rounds , which were judged to be a draw. with quillin dramatically failing to make the required weight of 160lbs on friday , lee strode out in front of a healthy crowd knowing whatever happens , his belt was n't going anywhere .. yet this was still one hell of a contest and when the judges correctly called it a tie , no-one was really arguing .. while it was scored 113-112 , 112-113 , 113-113 , the statistics told a different story. lee threw more punches ( 299-267 ) and connected with greater frequency ( 113-103 ) .. it was a warrior-like display .. not maybe enough to have destroyed quillin 's unbeaten record , but impressively solid and energetic .. lee , however , was hard on himself .. ` it was a tough fight , he dropped me at the start because i was lazy , ' he said . '. i had the momentum late on .. i understand with two knockdowns people may have thought he won but i could have done better . '. billy joe saunders is the mandatory challenger and looks the likeliest next opponent .. another meeting with quillin , although intriguing with the title on the line , is highly unlikely .. lee was knocked to the canvas by quillin during the very first round of the contest in new york. lee admitted he had been ` lazy ' in the early stages of the fight , leading to his knockdown and standing count. quillin is ordered to the corner after lee falls later in the bout. ` if my next fight is quillin it should be in ireland .. he has an irish surname .. maybe he has some ancestors there , ' smiled lee , who will now look forward to a few weeks off to recharge the batteries before making his next move .. only the american will know how , even though he last fought a year ago , his team somehow allowed their man to miss the weight so spectacularly .. the 31-year-old was over by almost a pound-and-a-half .. trainer adam booth thought he looked over the limit in the build-up .. lee would never display such a lack of professionalism .. the 30-year-old in the form and shape of his life .. title fight or not , this was the irishman 's chance to show he belongs at boxing 's top table .. a polished display was the order of the evening to ensure his rapier-like trajectory continues this year .. quillin insisted before the clash it would be like a chess match .. he was right , yet playing with kings or queens do n't often lead to the explosion of power which sent lee spiralling to the canvas at the end of the first round .. quillin 's right connects with lee 's right shoulder during the middleweight bout. lee and quillin exchange punches at close quarters during the tight contest. lee is put onto the pack foot as quillin lines up a punch with his right. quillin 's right hook rocked the irishman who was given a standing count .. it was just the second time he 'd hit the floor , taking in both his amateur and professional career .. no wonder lee looked dazed .. the american was quickly showing why he 's the proud owner of an unblemished record .. a razor-sharp combination had lee reeling again but the limerick man is a true warrior .. a far better third saw quillin on the backfoot for the first time as , after such a frenetic start , everything began to calm somewhat .. lee went down again and although it was originally scored as a knockdown it later emerged quillin had stepped on his foot .. if the scorecard had taken that into account , a draw could well have turned into an irish win .. nevertheless , lee needed some respite .. the brooklyn crowd unleashed some booing to display their displeasure at both fighters standing their ground .. yet the irishman , who won his last two fights by coming from behind to land the killer blow , would n't have care a jot .. heading into the sixth , quillin was ahead in the eyes of the judges .. lee , the master of coming from behind to snatch victory , needed something special .. quillin connects with lee 's cheek with a crunching right. quillin again makes contact but over the course of the whole fight , he landed fewer punches. the comeback came at the end of the seventh , a crunching right leaving a very open quillin tumbling .. it was the first time he 'd been down in his career .. lee , though , needed more heading into the tenth .. the final rounds were dramatic without ever really looking terminal for either fighter .. and when the last bell rang , lee and the amiable quillin hugged and showed a deep admiration towards each other which has been evident all week .. ` the judges see it their way and i respect the decision , ' said the american .. ` there is a first time for everything , i got knocked down and thankfully i got up .. there is no perfect story , i come from nothing so to have something is a blessing as is going home to a family i love .. ` respect to andy lee though . '
the suicides of five young sailors who served on the same base over two years has unearthed a shocking culture of ice taking , binge drinking , bullying and depression within the australian navy .. the sailors were stationed or had been stationed at the west australian port of hmas stirling off the coast of rockingham , south of perth .. their families did not learn of their previous attempts to take their own lives and their drug use until after their deaths , according to abc 's 7.30 program .. stuart addison was serving on hmas stirling off the coast of western australia when he took his own life. five of the sailors who committed suicide had been serving with the australian navy on hmas stirling. stuart addison hanged himself while he was on-shore leave in 2011 and his father , mark addison , was faced with the tough decision to turn off his son 's life support after several days in hospital .. ` it 's a decision that i do n't think ... any parent should have to make , ' mark told 7.30 .. mark was left devastated by his loss and was dealt a further blow when navy records revealed his son had tired to take his own life twice before .. stuart had also been on psychiatric medication , which the family were also unaware about .. his father , mark addison , was devastated by the blow and had to make the difficult decision to turn his son 's life support. matt henry , who was friends with stuart , said there was a drug culture within the australian navy. ` they knew and we were n't told about it .. we were kept in the dark , ' stuart 's sister jessica ames said .. to make sure this does not happen to other families , mark has started up a change.org petition asking prime minister tony abbott to allow the families of military personnel access to their files when there was evidence of self-harm .. brett dwyer , who was best friends with stuart , took his own life just months later. he wants to make sure the devastating pain he feels never happens to other families .. it was also revealed by stuart 's friend and former sailor matt henry , who had also attempted to take his own life on several occasions , that ice use and drinking was rife within the ranks of hmas sterling .. mr henry said ice was the ` drug of choice in western australia ' because it was so readily available through their sailor friends .. he said he believed his friends ' use of the drug ruined their lives .. another sailor , brett dwyer , who served alongside stuart took his own life just three months after his best friend .. brett 's doctors advised the navy he should not have been sent to sea due to chemical burns on his hands .. but he was sent to hmas stirling where he was bullied by navy personnel .. his rsl counsellor , brian o'neill , said one ` disgusting ' incident involved brett being dangled overboard by his legs by shipmates .. in late 2011 , brett was discharged after saying he had used drugs , including ice .. mr o'neill said the young sailor was not taking the illicit substance and just said he did to break free of the navy .. ` we woke up in the morning and he was hanging on our balustrade which is in the middle of the house .. his mother and i had to cut him down , ' brett 's father , mark dwyer , told the national broadcaster .. like the addisons , brett 's family did not find out about his medical history until after his death .. brett was on psychiatric medication to treat his depression .. stuart 's family did not know he was on psychiatric medication and sister jessica ames said they were kept in the dark by the navy. rsl counsellor brian o'neill said mr dwyer told the navy he was taking ice to get out of the service '. i would n't wish that on any family .. what they did was wrong , ' mark said .. ` they think of him as a number .. he was n't a number , he was our son . '. three more similar cases of men who took their own lives were revealed in the 7.30 report .. their mental health issues and suicide attempts were kept inside the navy and their families only became aware after their funerals .. this included jake casey , ewen mcdonald and stephen bebbington .. both jake casey ( left ) , who was pallbearer for brett dwyer , and stephen bebbington ( right ) took their own lives. ` they 're trying to sweep this issue under the carpet , ' ewen 's sister kenna crichton said .. he tried to take his own three times before he shot himself in october 2011 , following the death of best friend stephen who committed suicide six months earlier .. while jake casey , who was pallbearer for brett dwyer , developed an ice habit and hanged himself three days before the first anniversary of his friend 's death .. he had ice in system when he was found .. but one navy wife tried to warn the service about the problem when she found out her husband had a drug habit .. the wife of bradley livingston said he had a drug problem and took ice , which she tried to warn his commanding officer about. karley livingston said her claims were ignored and she was treated by the officer as a ` stupid navy wife '. mr livingston died of a suspected drug overdose , but it is not clear if he wanted to take his own life. karley livingston 's husband , bradley livingston , died of a suspected drug overdose and had tried to prevent this from happening by going to his commanding officer .. she was told by the officer to go to the chaplain and was treated like a ` stupid navy wife ' .. the navy said it was now investigating ms livingston 's claim .. the service has reviewed its privacy policy about suicide attempts and will not be making changes , 7.30 reported .. ` defence conducted a review of health information practices in late 2013 , ' the navy said in a statement .. ` the review reaffirmed that it is the member who determines who has access to their personal health information and recommended that there be no change to defence policy or practice in third party disclosure . '
luke rockhold is ready to be the bull to lyoto machida 's matador when the middleweights collide in new jersey on saturday .. the californian is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory since losing to vitor belfort two years ago and has a title shot in his sights .. and he knows exactly what it will take to beat machida .. lyoto machida ( left ) and luke rockhold face off ahead of their middleweight clash this weekend '. a big set of balls .. i 've just got to come forward and go out there and dominate him , ' he said .. ` machida likes to run around and dance and do his thing .. i 've just got to cut him off , slowly progress and be the bull .. he tries to be the matador -- sometimes you 've got to play one role or the other and this is the time to be the bull and slowly progress , put him in a bad spot and make him fight my fight .. ` i 've seen little things that he does n't like -- there 's plenty of other fights too that i 've seen that show a lot of holes and areas where i can take advantage of .. ` you see fights where guys stand in the middle ground too long -- i 've just got to make him think about everything .. i 'm a true mixed martial artist ; i have everything to my game .. he 's got to think about me taking him down , and then my kicks and my punches and everything that i bring to the table .. ` machida has got a very small avenue to win this fight on the feet .. other than that , my avenue is quite big comparably to his .. he does n't really have much of a chance on the ground .. rockhold performs during an open workout as he bids to extend his winning streak to five. machida lands a side kick as he works out in front of fans and media. ` i 'll be operating at a different frequency than him -- he does n't have the hip movement and the speed to keep up with me . '. and while rockhold afforded machida his respect , he has no plans to let it get in the way of victory . '. i think there is a mutual respect between machida and me -- i respect what he does , ' he said .. ` he 's one of the best in the game and has been for a long , long time .. ` he 's right here at the top , where he 's been for the whole of his career .. he 's a martial artist -- he lives by the code .. a lot of people love his fighting style , a lot of people hate his fighting style , but you have to respect his fighting style . '. i respect what he does and i like a lot of the things he does .. but at the same time , i 'm going to go out there and show him my style and dominate .. ` i 've been running marathons every day so i 'm ready to go in there and chase him down . '. rockhold 's last victory came against michael bisping last november in australia. machida is also coming off the back of a victory , against cb dollaway in brazil. machida , meanwhile , is confident he can upset rockhold and earn himself a title shot . '. i think if i apply my style , my technique , i can stop luke , you know , ' he said .. ` if i can do my strategy , i can win the fight . '. i know there was another fight in line for the title shot - jacare vs yoel romero -- but now , whoever wins out of me and luke -- deserves a title shot i think . '. i can see a couple of weaknesses in luke but it 's hard to say before the fight , it 's hard to foresee the fight .. i have to be there to feel the fight - to see any mistakes he makes . '. i am very well prepared for this fight .. i had eight weeks of camp and i had great training .. glover [ teixeira ] was there and many , many other fighters .. so i am feeling very well , very calm , and i think i can do a great job . '
( cnn ) hawaii is poised to become the first state in the nation to prohibit the sale of cigarettes and other tobacco products to anybody under age 21 .. the state 's legislature on friday passed a bill raising the minimum legal age -- currently 18 -- to buy tobacco or e-cigarettes .. the bill will now go before gov. david ige , whose signature would make it law in hawaii as of january 1 , 2016 .. forty-six u.s. states permit the sale of tobacco to anyone 18 or older , while alabama , alaska , new jersey and utah require customers to be at least 19 .. dozens of cities and towns , including new york , have already raised the minimum legal age for tobacco purchases to 21 .. " this bold step will reduce smoking among young people , save lives and help make the next generation tobacco-free , " said matthew l. myers , president of the campaign for tobacco-free kids , in a prepared statement .. " increasing the sale age to 21 will reduce tobacco use among youth and young adults , age groups when nearly all smoking begins and that are heavily targeted by the tobacco industry , " he said .. it was not clear monday whether ige would sign the bill , although on friday he approved legislation banning the the use of e-cigarettes in all locations where smoking is illegal .. a spokeswoman for the governor told cnn in an email that he would need some time to review the bill .. the legislation comes after a report last month from the institute of medicine that said barring people under age 21 from buying cigarettes would have significant public health benefits .. setting the minimum age at 21 nationwide would result in nearly a quarter-million fewer premature deaths and 50,000 fewer deaths from lung cancer among people born between 2000 and 2019 , the report estimated .. report predicts big health benefits if we do. teenagers , especially those between 15 and 17 , are most vulnerable to addiction at a time when their brains are still developing , said the study , which was conducted at the request of the u.s. food and drug administration .. if the minimum legal age for tobacco use was raised to 21 , the prevalence of smokers among today 's teens would decline by 12 % when they become adults , the report said .. under the hawaii bill , anyone caught breaking the law would face a $ 10 fine for the first offense and a $ 50 fine or community service for a second offense .. a 2014 survey of hawaii voters found that 71 % favored raising the legal age to 21 .
kiev , ukraine ( cnn ) the question haunting kiev is this : who might be murdering allies of ukraine 's ousted president viktor yanukovych ?. the idea that this might be happening is not entirely new .. but it muscled its way to the fore again this week with two high-profile shooting deaths in the ukrainian capital -- one of a former member of parliament with ties to yanukovych , the other of a ukrainian journalist known for his pro-russian views .. oleg kalashnikov , the former member of parliament , was shot and killed shortly after 7 p.m. wednesday at the entrance to his apartment block .. kalashnikov , 52 , was a member of the party of regions , the former ruling party in ukraine , and was close to yanukovych .. police are investigating the death as a murder .. a day later , on thursday , journalist oles buzyna , 45 , was killed near his home by shots fired from a dark blue ford focus , interior ministry adviser anton herashchenko said .. the car 's license plates were reported to have been from either latvia or belorussia .. the killings renewed speculation , sparked by earlier unusual deaths , about a conspiracy to kill people close to yanukovych .. at least three former members of parliament with the party of regions have reportedly committed suicide in the last seven weeks :. • on february 28 , mikhail chechetov reportedly jumped from the window of his 17th-floor apartment in kiev , having left a suicide note .. he was suspected of having falsified the results of a parliamentary vote in early 2014 that essentially prohibited protest just as thousands of people were protesting against the yanukovych government .. • on march 9 , stanislav melnik , a former member of parliament with the party of regions and the manager of several businesses in the separatist-minded eastern city of donetsk , was found dead in his apartment near kiev .. he , too , reportedly left a suicide note .. • and three days later , on march 12 , oleksandr peklushenko , another former member of parliament , was found in his house in zaporizhzhya , in southeastern ukraine , dead of a gunshot wound .. police are investigating various scenarios , including suicide .. interior ministry adviser anton gerashchenko said peklushenko " might have wanted to avoid punishment for using violence against protesters , which he was suspected of . ". ukraine is deeply divided , and it has been for years .. about a third of the population speaks russian as opposed to ukrainian .. whether the country should be drawn into the orbit of russia or the west is a visceral issue , a question for many ukrainians not of politics but of identity .. recent events have deepened the divide .. in 2014 , after yanukovych turned his back on the european union in favor of closer ties with russia , he was driven from office by mass demonstrations .. and with russia 's subsequent annexation of crimea and its support for russian-speaking separatists in eastern ukraine , the internecine animosity made the ugly transformation into war .. with a government toppled and armed conflict in the east , ukrainians have reason to want each other dead .. but the view of who might be responsible for the series of deaths differs starkly , according to which side of the country 's divide one is on .. the opposition bloc , the country 's major opposition party , has no doubt the deaths have been politically motivated -- " bloody terror against opposition politicians and journalists , " the bloc 's media office called them .. " it is clear oppression of those who are not afraid to criticize the government , " it said .. the government , unsurprisingly , sees things differently .. ukrainian president petro poroshenko , who came to office after yanukovych was ousted , has demanded an investigation of the killings of kalashnikov and buzyna , his media office said .. " it is evident that these crimes have the same origin , " the media office quoted poroshenko as saying .. " their nature and political sense are clear .. it is a deliberate provocation that plays in favor of our enemies .. it is aimed at destabilizing the internal political situation in ukraine and discrediting the political choice of the ukrainian people . ". and anton geraschenko , an adviser to the country 's interior minister , took the theory one step further .. " it should not be excluded that the killings of oleg kalashnikov and olez buzyna were planned and organized from moscow and are a part of a plan to destabilize ukraine and further support anti-ukrainian mood in russian society , " geraschenko said .
as he kept two young women locked up as sex slaves in his basement , ariel castro was looking for a wife , a new book about the cleveland kidnapper has revealed .. a 39-year-old woman named lillian roldan came forward to author john glatt to say she dated castro from 2000 to 2003 , a three-year period during which castro kidnapped and imprisoned michelle knight and amanda berry in his ohio home .. roldan describes castro in glatt 's book the lost girls as nothing short of a gentleman , who was ` completely normal ' in the bedroom , and even romantic .. blinded by love : lillian roldan ( left ) says she dated cleveland kidnapper ariel castro ( right ) from 2000 to 2003 .. she says she visited his house often and never knew about the young women he was keeping prisoner. however , she says he did keep his basement padlocked , which she found peculiar .. when she asked about the need to lock the door , castro allegedly told roldan that he kept his money stored down there and ` did n't want his kids to steal it ' .. in the book set to be published later this month , roldan recalls meeting 16-years-older castro on a blind date set up by friends in may 2000 .. he allegedly invited her to watch him play music one night and it was ` love at first sight ' .. under her nose : during the three years she was with castro , he would kidnap 21-year-old michelle knight and 17-year-old amanda berry .. a few months after breaking up , he kidnapped his third victim gina dejuses .. roldan pictured above with another man in a picture posted to facebook. seemingly normal : roldan detailed her ` romantic ' relationship with castro in the new book the lost girls by john glatt. roldan visited castro at his house often , and sometimes ran into his ex-wife grimilda figueroa .. castro abused figuero during their marriage , but he acted so kind around roldan that she thought the beatings were just a rumor .. as for their sex life , roldan says castro was ` completely normal ' and ` considerate ' .. she says at one point during their relationship , castro popped the question but roldan declined since she did n't believe in marriage .. after the proposal , castro remained dedicated to roldan and even bought her a ruby ring .. after buying the flashy piece of jewelry , castro took roldan along to one of his music gigs where he had yet another romantic gesture in store .. free women : amanda berry ( left ) , gina dejesus ( center ) and michelle knight ( right ) , were held captive in castro 's home for years .. they found freedom in may 2013 , when berry 's 6-year-old child helped the trio escape. stolen youth : castro kidnapped michelle knight ( right ) in 2002 when she was 21 , eight months later he kidnapped then 17-year-old amanda berry ( left ) .. a year later , he captured 14-year-old gina dejesus ( center ). mid-way through the performance , he took the microphone and told the audience : ` today , i gave my girlfriend lillian a ring . '. ` so everyone clapped , ' lillian recalls .. ` and he told the group that he wanted to sing " la bamba " for me .. it was so romantic and i was charmed .. it was such a special [ night ] and he really did show me love . '. while castro remained the normal man she called her boyfriend , two years into their relationship he started harboring a secret at home .. in august 2002 , castro kidnapped then 21-year-old michelle knight and locked her in his basement .. eight months later , he kidnapped another girl , 17-year-old amanda berry .. apparently distracted by the two young women that he was torturing at home , castro abruptly cut ties with roldan in october of that year , sending her a letter that said he ` did n't love her enough to stay . '. prison : above , catro 's cleveland home where he kept the three women locked up for years. five months after roldan received the unexpected break-up letter , castro 's third victim , gina dejesus , went missing .. she was 14 years old at the time .. for the next nine years the women were locked inside castro 's home and kept secret from the outside world .. the three women found freedom in may 2013 , when berry 's 6-year-old daughter by castro helped the trio to escape the house and alert police .. castro was arrested and sentenced to life in prison plus $ 1,000 years .. about a month after his sentencing , castro committed suicide in prison .
jeremy clarkson has become a green campaigner , simon cowell is going to be put on the # 5 note and the leaning tower of pisa is becoming a luxury hotel , it emerged today .. but before you get too excited about this string of massive news stories , it might be a good idea to check the date - because all the revelations are nothing more than april fool 's day pranks .. and sharp-eyed readers may have noticed that the mail also joined in with the trend - our exclusive story about safari park visitors ' cars being protected from monkeys with bubble wrap was , sadly , made up .. among the other jokes to sneak into the news today were tesco 's new trampoline aisles , and the claim that the manchester united team is picked using the power of astrology .. made up : contrary to what the mail reported , longleat safari park is not putting bubble wrap around visitors ' cars. mock-up : but the safari park in fact has no need of such drastic measures to protect against monkey mayhem. the guardian 's polli faro reported that mr clarkson had renounced his petrol-loving ways after a ` dark night of the soul ' , and decided he wanted to devote his post-top gear life to campaigning against carbon emissions .. he supposedly told the paper that he had started driving a toyota prius , and wanted the government to lower the national speed limit to 20mph , or 45mph on the motorways .. ` there comes a time when a man 's got to ask himself what he really stands for , ' mr clarkson is quoted as saying .. ` and for me , that 's sustainable energy , traffic calming and an end to xenophobia and prejudice . '. the sun revealed that the # 5 note is set to be redesigned with simon cowell 's face on it after a public poll to find the most popular celebrities .. david beckham and helen mirren were also reported to be replacing the queen on banknotes in the near future .. pranks : jeremy clarkson is now a green campaigner and simon cowell will be put on the # 5 note , according to april fool 's day reports. innovation : tesco claims to be introducing bouncy aisles in a publicity campaign including lucy mecklenburgh from the only way is essex. the independent took a dig at leicester university 's publicity campaign surrounding the discovery of richard iii in the city - claiming that the institution is renaming itself king richard university in tribute .. the university 's campus bar will be named ` carnage@bosworth ' , while the main administrative building is to be called hunchback house , the paper added .. it quoted a source as saying : ` our research shows that up to 10 per cent of people in some countries are n't aware that it was the university of leicester which found the skeleton of richard iii .. changing the name of the university is the natural next step . '. the telegraph reported that the leaning tower of pisa will be turned into a luxury hotel , called 3.99 degrees after the angle at which the building tilts .. the new hotel will be marketed to arab tourists , the paper said , but it will require special beds with different-sized legs to combat the slope of the tower .. another story in the paper suggested that top bookshop foyles had created a new type of bookmark , the ` boo!mark ' , which emits a loud noise whenever anyone falls asleep while reading .. sacrilege : the telegraph says that the leaning tower of pisa is going to become a luxury hotel. on sale : the bbc claimed to be offering a replica codpiece inspired by wolf hall. police sparked a twitter alert after urging followers to vote for their ` favourite ' prison inmate to get them freed early as part of an april fool 's prank .. officers in radcliffe , greater manchester used the force twitter page to post a message on the site at midnight stating : ` know someone in prison ?. ` you can get them released early by voting for them on here .. the prisoners with the most votes also wins a holiday . '. other tweets on the @gmpradcliffe page added : ' i have been told it is two weeks in a five star hotel in cyprus for two people and # 500 spending money .. it is a goodwill gesture from the politicians due to the election coming soon . '. the message sparked a flurry of activity with users claiming prison was a ` holiday camp anyway ' , and jokingly using the hashtag #needholiday to confess to carrying out their own crimewaves .. in the daily express , it was claimed that tesco is set to bring in trampoline aisle which allow customers to bounce up and reach the top shelves with ease .. the daily mirror turned its attentions to the forthcoming general election , reporting that a new office for estimation has been set up which will use social media to decide who should run the country during coalition negotiations .. another political story came from the sun , which said that ed miliband is planning to dye his hair blond in an attempt to become more like the mayor of london .. a labour source told the paper : ` through boris , he has seen that hair is something that people care about . '. the local.es , an english-language news site based in spain , reported that the popular holiday resort of benidorm had banned the full english breakfast - a move which could strike terror into the hearts of british tourists .. local officials urged holidaymakers to try spanish specialities such as tortillas or pan con tomate , the website claimed .. flipped : visitors to com.google are presented with this mirror image version of the search engine homepage. drone : an image of the ` domi-no-driver ' , which supposedly delivers pizza without human intervention. actor david suchet got together with his radio presenter brother john for one of the more ambitious pranks - he filled in on john 's classic fm show without telling listeners .. many fans expressed concerns that the presenter might have a cold because he sounded so different , only for david to reveal that he was in fact an impostor .. google is usually keen to join in with the april fool 's fun , and this year was no different as the web giant unleashed at least three different pranks .. the search engine revealed a mirror-image version of its homepage , which can be accessed by typing in com.google and shows search results flipped around .. it also jumped on the selfie bandwagon , announcing a new service allowing users to share instant photographic reactions to any website they visit .. and the site 's ` fiber ' division , which is rolling out high-speed internet across the us , claimed to have a new dial-up mode which replicates the experience of using the web 20 years ago in order to induce a feeling of zen-like calm .. mumsnet was another website to make a hoax announcement as it claimed to be founding a political party , the mnp , which will represent the interest of mothers .. new resident : the battersea dogs and cats home claimed to have taken possession of a lion. job ad : the bbc is apparently recruiting for a ` director of better ' , according to an absurdly verbose ad. the sporting world was not immune from april fool 's gags - the evening standard reported that arsenal and chelsea have commissioned a joint sculpture of controversial footballer ashley cole , wearing a shirt with both clubs ' colours on it .. and it emerged in the sun that manchester united boss louis van gaal uses astrology to pick his teams , only choosing players whose star signs are compatible with one another .. the independent had a scoop about a new form of football technology , left-footed balls crafted specifically for players who prefer using their left rather than right .. in showbiz , it was claimed in the radio times that ant and dec were planning to add a third person to their line-up - strictly come dancing 's anton du beke .. the new trio , dubbed ` ant and dec and anton du beke ' , will make their television debut on february 30 next year .. the bbc also joined in the fun as it announced it would be selling a ` replica tudor codpiece ' based on wolf hall , available in henry viii , henry ix and henry xxl sizes .. local newspapers across the uk took the opportunity to prank their readers - the liverpool echo carried disturbing reports off a great white shark in the river mersey , while the western telegraph revealed that batman star christian bale is set to be immortalised in his home town of haverfordwest with a 12ft gold statue .. workout : virgin trains ' new ` fitness coach ' allows passengers to exercise while on the move. trend : miz mooz said it was introducing ` selfie shoes ' to cash in on the narcissistic fashion. domino 's was among the companies to make april fool 's announcements , posting a video on vine of its new ` domi-no-driver ' , a drone motorcycle which can deliver pizzas without any human intervention .. battersea dogs and cats home shared a picture supposedly showing a lion , called april , which is currently living alongside smaller felines in the home , and australian airline qantas claimed to have changed its name to ` quantas ' - bringing an end to years of confusion over the bizarre spelling .. the bbc took a dig at its own reputation for incomprehensible corporate-speak , issuing a job ad looking for a ` director of better ' who can 're - set the dial ' .. virgin trains and virgin active announced a new ` fitness coach ' , allowing passengers to exercise while they travel , and transport for london claimed that commuters should now stand on the left and walk on the right , a reverse of the usual situation .. shoe company miz mooz made fun of selfie sticks with its ` selfie shoes ' , footwear with a hole in the end which can fit a smartphone in .. change : qantas announced that it had added a u to its name to avoid confusion over the spelling. complaint : a letter from the royal albert hall 's archive addressed to beatles manager brian epstein. while april fool 's day may be thought of as a time for childish pranks , a number of more highbrow institutions also took part by issuing made-up announcements .. nature , one of the world 's leading scientific journals , published a hoax paper suggesting that dragons may in fact be real , and charting their prevalence against the rise and fall of global temperatures .. the royal albert hall also carried out its own april fool 's prank , releasing a letter supposedly from its archives criticising the beatles for referring to the building in their song a day in the life .. in the letter , an official tells the band 's manager that they must not claim there are 4,000 holes in the albert hall , adding : ` even if you count the doorways as holes , that would only make 32 . '
it 's that time of year when the english challenge in europe fades in the face of overwhelming firepower and the thorny issue of the salary cap re-surfaces .. this time , dai young has sounded the annual alarm .. wasps ' director of rugby could not have asked much more from his gallant side as they pushed toulon all the way before losing their champions cup quarter-final at stade felix mayol on sunday .. yet , the scale of what they were up against was illustrated by the sight of matt giteau and juan fernandez lobbe -- two of the world 's finest players -- coming on as replacements for the hosts .. a pair of springboks , bryan habana and juan smith , were among a glittering non-playing contingent .. wasps coach dai young has called for reform to the premiership salary cap so english clubs can compete on the european stage - the comments came after his team lost 32-18 to toulon on sunday. lozowski makes a diving pass while his ankle is grasped by the toulon player on the ground. toulon 's english speedster delon armitage makes a break for the defending champions. clermont v saracens , stade geoffroy-guichard , st etienne , saturday , april 18 , 3.15 pm ( gmt ). toulon v leinster , stade vélodrome , marseille , sunday , april 19 , 3.15 pm ( gmt ). young quipped that the absence of leigh halfpenny from the toulon ranks meant that wasps only had ` about five world-class full-backs to worry about ' .. the joke hinted at a more serious point ; the personnel gulf between the wealthy french elite and their premiership rivals .. the english clubs simply ca n't compete when the leading top 14 sides play to their potential , due to the disparity in budgets .. yet again , the salary cap -- currently # 5.5 million -- is back on the agenda .. ` there are pros and cons for everything , ' said young .. ` the salary cap has worked ; all the clubs have been sustainable for a long period , it 's the most competitive league in europe and there have been two or three different title winners in the last few seasons , too .. wasps ' no 10 alex lozowski kicks away from michalak during their european champions cup quarter-final. toulon playmaker frederic michalak pulls the strings for the defending european champions. ` it has also meant a lot of young english players are getting exposure at that level , so it has done what it was intended to do .. but maybe we need a a re-think about how important europe is to the english teams and how the salary cap leaves us when playing against the big french teams .. ` realistically , premiership teams need a bit of luck to arrive at these games with their best team fit .. with the salary cap , there 's no way we can match the massive squads these clubs have . '. wasps could n't match toulon 's depth of playing resources , but they did trouble the holders thanks to the dynamic efforts of two young englishmen -- centre elliot daly and scrum-half joe simpson .. their electric running maintained the form young believes should put them in contention for a place in england 's world cup squad .. ` i do n't know what more they can do , ' said the welshman .. ` if england want to win the world cup , these are the type of players you have to get in your team . '. new zealander williams rises to celebrate his try which came minutes after he should have been sin-binned. ali williams crosses for a late try for toulon as they put victory over wasps on sunday beyond doubt
christopher barry , 53 , was stabbed to death by a 13-year-old boy after a row outside a block of flats. a 13-year-old boy has been jailed for more than 11 years after pleading guilty to a brutal stabbing making him one of britain 's youngest ever murderers .. the boy , who is a member of the notorious wood green gang , pleaded guilty to stabbing 53-year-old christopher barry twice in the chest outside his home in edmonton , north london , on december 14 last year .. the teenager , who can not be named for legal reasons , pulled a knife from his rucksack and stabbed mr barry , a builder , as he got into a lift following a row .. the old bailey heard the boy became enraged when mr barry , who was known as jack , would not let the boy and his friends into the block of flats .. zoe johnson qc told the court the murder happened on december 14 last year , as the killer attended a 13th birthday party at his friend 's flat off the broadway , in edmonton , north london .. he and a group of friends left the flat to see one boy to his bus home , but returned to the wrong block to try to rejoin the party .. ` tragically it appears they returned to the wrong door of the wrong block ' , said ms johnson .. ` when they buzzed the door , they were buzzing the wrong flat which explains why no one answered . '. mr barry and his girlfriend , sabrina finn , arrived home to find the group of boys trying to get into the black of flats when they lived .. ms johnson said : ` one of those boys was continually pressing the button to be let in .. ` mr barry and his girlfriend said they could n't let the boys into the flat if the occupants were n't answering the buzzer .. the attack happened as mr barry ( left ) returned home with his girlfriend , council worker sabrina finn ( right ). ` as mr barry used his fob to open the main entrance , it appears there was a bit of pushing and shoving between him and the boys .. ` mr barry and his girlfriend entered the block and walked to the lift .. ` the defendant followed mr barry into the block , along a short corridor , around a corner , and as mr barry stepped into the lift , the defendant stabbed him twice in the chest , in a completely unprovoked and cowardly attack . '. one of the boys with the killer told police he had seen his friend ` become angry and take a kitchen knife out of his rucksack . '. another of the boys saw him thrust the knife at mr barry and say : ` what are you saying now ?. what are you saying now ? '. before swinging the knife at the victim .. when they ran from the block of flats , the killer told a friend he had ` just ripped the man 's jacket ' .. the old bailey ( pictured ) heard the boy became enraged when mr barry , who was known as jack , would not let the boy and his friends into the block of flats where he lived .. he fatally stabbed mr barry twice. mr barry did not initially realise he had been stabbed , but found blood on his shirt and when he entered his flat he collapsed .. paramedics found him laying face down in a pool of blood , with a wound in his abdomen and another in his chest .. he later died from his injuries .. in texts later that night , the boy told a friend : ` i 'm going to prison ' and posted on facebook : ` the thing i 'm going to miss most when i go pen ( penitentiary ) is ny gyal ( new york girl ) . '. ms johnson said the boy also went by a street name associated with the wood green gang .. ` this is a gang that he candidly admitted he was associated with since the age of ten ' , she said .. the court heard the teenager was given a police caution and excluded from his first school when he was caught with a knife and cannabis in february 2013 , then aged just 11 .. ms johnson said mr barry 's girlfriend , ms finn , had written an impact statement describing the ` appalling effects on her and many of mr barry 's family and friends ' .. ` i 'm back at work now , but although i walk , talk , and look the same as i did before , inside i 'm tired and my heart is broken ' , she said .. mr barry was stabbed following the row outside this block of flats in edmonton , north london ( pictured ). ` jack and i had four happy years together and this young boy has taken that happiness away from me .. ` for that i 'm very sad and angry as my life will never been the same again . '. the boy 's mother wept in court as judge stephen kramer qc today sentenced the boy to a minimum of 11 years detention at her majesty 's pleasure .. ` when mr barry returned home , he refused to let you in to that block but you nevertheless got in ' , he said .. ` you followed mr barry , produced your knife , and then stabbed him twice in the chest .. ` the injury to the chest went through clothing including a wax jacket and went deep . '. ` you are only 13 years old but shortly after 7.30 pm on the evening of december 14 2014 , you were carrying a knife in your bag .. ` you wanted to get into a block of flats but you went to the wrong block with tragic consequences for everyone involved . '. the judge said it was an aggravating factor that the boy had taken the knife to the scene in his bag and said he had clearly intended to cause really serious harm to mr barry .. the boy has been deemed a high risk of causing harm and at a medium risk of reoffending when he is released , and the judge urged him to reconsider his gang affiliation .. however he also accepted it was not a premeditated attack and that the boy had a ` troubled background ' .. he took into account the boy 's remorse , revealed in a letter from his mother which was not read out in court .. the boy , wearing a pale blue shirt with a white buttoned up collar , showed no emotion and stared straight ahead as the sentence was passed .. the teenager pleaded guilty to one count of murder on march 6 , and michael turner qc , defending , said this was a ` unique ' early admission from such a young defendant .. judge kramer refused an application by the press to lift a legal ban on naming the boy , saying there were ` exceptional ' circumstances .
former everton chairman sir philip carter has died aged 87 .. carter also served as president of the football league and a vice-president of the football association but it is as chairman of everton throughout the 1980s that he will be remembered .. under his stewardship , the club won two league titles , an fa cup and the european cup winners ' cup , which is still the toffees ' only piece of continental silverware .. former everton chairman and life president sir phillip carter passed away on thursday .. carter also served as president of the football league and a vice-president of the football association. ` everton football club is deeply saddened to announce that sir philip carter has passed away , ' read an everton statement .. ` sir philip died peacefully at home on thursday morning after a short illness .. ` he served everton with immense distinction over three spells .. ` at this time it would be appreciated if everyone can please respect the family 's wish for privacy . '. current toffees chairman bill kenwright also paid tribute to sir philip , who he recalled to the board of directors at goodison park for a second time in 2008 .. bill kenwright said carter was a great man and the very best friend anyone could ask for. ` words can not describe my feelings of loss primarily as a friend but also as an evertonian , ' kenwright said .. ` sir philip was simply a giant ... a great man a great leader and the very best friend and colleague anyone could ask for .. i never once met him without calling him chairman .. ` that title was his by right .. he will always have a major place in our great club 's history .. to his wondrous lady rita and his family we send the deepest of condolences together with our undying love and gratitude for his life . '. bill kenwright , chairman of everton football club , said : ` words can not describe my feelings of loss primarily as a friend but also as an evertonian .. sir philip was simply a giant ... a great man a great leader and the very best friend and colleague anyone could ask for .. i never once met him without calling him chairman .. that title was his by right .. he will always have a major place in our great club 's history .. to his wondrous lady rita and his family we send the deepest of condolences together with our undying love and gratitude for his life . '. roberto martinez , manager of everton football club , said : ` this is a sad day for everton football club and for every evertonian .. sir philip was an incredible custodian of the club , a pure gentleman and a man i feel really fortunate to have met , for i learnt much about the essence of everton from him .. from my earliest days here , i was able to sit down and chat with sir philip at finch farm .. he was generous with his time and with his recollection of so many of the experiences he went through as chairman .. some of those moments had been extremely difficult but , ultimately , his guiding hand contributed to some of the club 's greatest successes and , for me personally , the conversations we shared will always give me guidance in terms of the future that we are trying to build for everton .. ` as a man , he was an example for every evertonian .. he took pride in all aspects of our club , he loved the community in which we are rooted and he was an evertonian through and through .. i got a real sense and understanding of everton from the time i was able to spend with him and i am especially grateful for this .. he will forever be part of the history of this great club . '. robert elstone , chief executive of everton football club , said : ` in the last few hours , the world of football has been moved to express great sadness , great admiration and , above all else , great respect for sir philip carter .. in such a short space of time , the number of people who have been moved to contact me , and the club , and the depth of feelings expressed , sums up the great man .. one text reads , " true gentlemen and the perfect embodiment of the values of everton " .. ` sir philip was part of a small family of highly respected and universally loved ` football men ' ; a man who shaped the game , a man who shaped everton , and a man who , over the past year , almost everyone i have met has asked about .. ` on a personal level , he was a mentor , a confidant , a voice of reason but more than all of that , with his amazing wife , a great friend .. sir philip left a lasting impression on anyone who entered the everton boardroom .. he will leave one on me . '. denise barrett-baxendale , chief executive of everton in the community and deputy chief executive of everton football club , said : ` today is an unbelievably sad day for everybody at everton football club and for everybody at everton in the community .. sir philip was the ultimate community man - a gentleman , a people 's man , someone with wisdom , character , distinction and strong , abiding principles .. what he did for this club , this city , this community , this country has left a lasting legacy .. but today we feel bereft .. our thoughts are with his family - the incredible lady rita , his children and grandchildren .. we are all devastated by his passing . '
st mirren skipper steven thompson has apologised to team-mate john mcginn after accidentally spearing him with a training ground pole .. the scotland under 21 player is now on crutches and will miss the rest of the season after a prank at saints ' renfrewshire training ground went badly wrong on thursday .. gary teale 's first-team squad were doing a dribbling drill when veteran thompson lost possession to mcginn and stumbled into two poles which were intended for the players to run through .. st mirren 's steven thompson acidentally speared team-mate john mcginn with a pole in training last week. mcginn ( left ) will miss the rest of the season after being stabbed in the leg by the pole. thompson threw one at mcginn in jest -- and to his horror it stabbed him on the leg , leaving him requiring hospital attention .. thompson subsequently scored two goals in saints 4-1 win over kilmarnock on saturday and is believed to have given his win bonus to his stricken team-mate .. but on sunday night the striker was still coming to terms with injuring one of the club 's brightest talents in such a bizarre manner .. ` the whole thing has been a complete nightmare , ' thompson said .. ` john is going to be okay but i 'm mortified that it happened in the first place .. i was having a carry-on and it turned sour .. ` it was a stupid prank , something silly , and it ended with john being injured .. i ca n't apologise enough . '. thompson netted his 50th goal for his boyhood heroes at the weekend .. but he insists it 's been impossible to get the training ground incident out of his mind .. thompson celebrates the first of his two goals against kilmarnock in saturday 's 4-1 victory. ` it 's all i 've been able to think about since it happened on thursday , ' he added . '. it was an accident but it 's still something i regret .. ` we were doing a drill where , to score goals , we had to dribble between two poles which were sticking in the ground as gates .. ` when i got to a set of poles john tackled me and one of the poles got stuck between my legs .. ` it sounds stupid now but for banter i grabbed one of the poles and pretended i was doing some kind of ninja move . '. i threw it into the ground behind john who , by this point , was running away and facing in the other direction .. ` but as i did that , he did a cruyff turn and the pole stabbed him in the leg .. we were only a few feet apart .. it was n't as if i launched it 10 metres like a javelin .. he was right next to me .. st mirren boss gary teale shakes hands with his captain thompson on the touchline at st mirren park '. i just had n't counted on him changing direction when he did . '. thompson could only watch in horror at what unfolded .. ` it was just horrendous , ' he said .. ` it was the worst thing i have seen in my life .. since then it 's all i 've been thinking about .. ` it popped in and out of his thigh instantly and for a few seconds his leg was black .. but then blood started pouring out of the hole .. ` john was obviously in agony .. a few of us carried him inside and he got treatment .. ` i 've been shocked by it and really down .. i like a laugh and a joke in training but for this to happen is just unbelievable .. ` saturday was a big day for me but all i 'm thinking about is john . '
the first ever drawing of the beatles ' famous yellow submarine which is dubbed the ` holy grail of memorabilia ' is set to fetch more than # 10,000 at auction .. the unique psychedelic cartoon , which is hand-painted , depicts the eponymous submarine from the 1968 film in which the fab four travel to pepperland to save it from the blue meanies .. the rare celluloid painting , known as a cel , was used as a master version from which artists working on the film created all other images of the wacky vessel .. the first ever drawing of the beatles ' famous yellow submarine which is dubbed the ` holy grail of memorabilia ' is set to fetch more than # 10,000 when it is sold at auction in dallas , texas , on thursday. the rare celluloid painting , known as a cel , was used as a master version from which artists working on the yellow submarine film created all other images of the wacky vessel .. the 1968 film starred the beatles ( above ). it features handwritten notes instructing artists on the correct colours to use when recreating the submarine .. more than 240 artists and animators worked full time for an entire year to produce the film using revolutionary techniques , and it is credited with helping boost the popularity of animation .. yellow submarine was a critical success on its release and led onto the beatles ' 10th studio album the following year .. the single yellow submarine , written by paul mccartney and sung by ringo starr , had featured on the 1967 album revolver and spent four weeks at the top of the uk charts .. original examples of cels from yellow submarine are so sought after that experts have tipped the submarine cartoon to fetch # 10,000 when it goes under the hammer on thursday .. jim lentz , director of animation art at heritage auctions which is hosting the sale in dallas , texas , said : ` yellow submarine is one of the most important animations of all time .. yellow submarine was a success on its release and led onto the beatles ' 10th studio album a year later. the single yellow submarine , written by paul mccartney and sung by ringo starr , had featured on the 1967 album revolver and spent four weeks at the top of the uk charts .. the original cel is set to sell for # 10,000. ` it is a film that has stood the test of time and is as relevant today as when it was made in 1968 .. the band concert is the most expensive cel sold. the most expensive animation celluloid , known as cel , to be sold in the world is the band concert by disney .. the animation , which is noted as the first colour mickey mouse cartoon , was released in 1935 .. in the cartoon , mickey is trying to lead a concert of the william tell overture , amid various distractions such as donald duck playing the wrong tune on his flute .. the cel was sold in a private transaction in 1999 for a reported # 280,000 ( $ 420,000 ) .. ` the message of the film - all you need is love - is timeless .. ` it is incredible to think the team behind the film put it together in only a year when at that time it would take up to four years to make a feature animation film .. ` the animation was ground-breaking and that coupled with the fact that the film was all about the biggest band in the world is what made it so iconic .. ` amazingly , after the film was made the celluloid sheets were sold off in high street stores for as little as seven pounds .. now they are worth thousands . '. ` this is a rare hand-painted colour model cel painted by the ink and paint department for cel and animation reference .. ` it would be one of the earliest final versions of the yellow submarine hand-painted - it really is the holy grail of yellow submarine memorabilia .. ` since small stickers were used for when the sub travelled there are not really a great deal of yellow submarine cels out there .. ` this comes from a former yellow submarine ink and paint department employee .. ` it is an unusually large image .. colour model cels were used also to help determine the final approved colour scheme of the yellow submarine .. ` colour model cels from this film are very rare , and this is one of the single best cels of the yellow submarine we have seen . '. the animation art signature auction will take place in dallas , texas on april 9 .
steve bruce has promised his wife janet he will go on a diet after unflattering paparazzi pictures of him on a barbados beach were publicised .. the hull manager says he was ` disappointed ' that the pictures were published and that he was baffled that anyone would be interested .. steve bruce was looking larger than life after being snapped holidaying in barbados with alan shearer. bruce has promised his wife janet he will slim down after seeing the unflattering snaps. bruce was baffled that anyone would be interested in pictures of a 55-year-old on a beach '. i do n't think too many 55-year-olds look that good on a beach do they , ' he said , ` but i have promised my good lady i will go on a diet .. ` so watch out - i 'm going to turn into the horriblest , most awkward b ****** d you have ever come across . '. i have had some letters saying it 's nice to see someone relaxing in their own skin - not many mind ! '. bruce also had an appetite for the debate about how premier league clubs should do more to bring through english talent .. fa chairman greg dyke recently outlined new proposals , including increasing the number on homegrown players in a squad of 25 to 12 , in effort to improve the national team .. and bruce agreed with dyke , before going on to question how his former club manchester united , along wide liverpool and manchester city , recruit players .. bruce fells his former club manchester united should do more to produce young english players. he said : ` it is a great debate .. we have the premier league which is a wonderful spectacle but we have to find a way to produce young players and we have one or two , but we would like a lot more .. ` one thing that is staggering over the last 20 years is that we have invested millions in academies but are we producing enough players ?. ` when you look back , where are they ?. it is a hell of a debate .. for me personally , we miss children playing football at school .. ` if you are going to do a job properly , you have to look at the football club as a whole and see if we can produce a younger player . '
officer michael slager is being kept in isolation and can not walk down a hall without the entire cell block being cleared first , according to his lawyer .. slager , 33 , is charged with murder after opening fire on walter scott , 50 , after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in north charleston , south carolina , on saturday .. his attorney andy savage told cbs that slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at charleston county jail .. patrolman michael slager , 33 , is charged with murder after opening fire on walter scott , 50 , after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in north charleston , south carolina , on saturday .. pictured : slager and an unknown woman. slager pictured with two women who have not been identified .. his attorney andy savage told cbs that slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at charleston county jail. he said that when he met slager on wednesday for 60 minutes , that it took an hour and 45 minutes to move the north charleston police officer to the meeting place because they had to clear all of the cell blocks .. a jail staff member told the new york daily news : ` he would n't last one week in the general population .. everyone inside is talking about it .. of course people want to get at him . '. cbs reports slager 's mother is expected to visit her son friday for the first time since the shooting .. she has defended her son in an interview , saying she can not believe that he would do anything like what he 's accused of .. karen sharpe ( above ) the mother of north charleston police officer michael slager , defended her son in an interview. killing : walter scott , left , was killed by michael slager , right .. scott was in the coast guard for two years , and is pictured left in uniform .. slager is being held in jail on murder charges , and is pictured right in his prison mugshot. she also revealed that his wife , who is eight months pregnant , is devastated .. ms sharpe said that she will never watch the video footage of the fatal shooting .. she also expressed her sympathy for walter scott 's family , the man her son shot dead .. i just ca n't , ' sharpe told abc news .. ` maybe to some people , ` well , you 're being in denial , ' but i 'm sorry i just ca n't .. i just - i know how michael is . '. she went on to say her son loved being an officer . '. i ca n't imagine him doing something , it 's just not like him , ' she said of the shooting .. ` that 's just not his character .. on friday it was revealed that no warrant had been issued for walter scott 's arrest when he ran from officer michael slager moments before he was shot dead , it has been revealed .. court records show he was $ 7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over on saturday and had already been jailed three times for missing payments .. his family believe the fear of being thrown back in prison was the reason he tried to flee during the deadly traffic stop .. but there was nothing directing officers to bring him in to face a family court judge , despite the fact his last payment was only in 2012 .. escape : dashcam footage released on thursday shows walter scott running away from his car minutes before he is shot dead by officer michael sager .. his family believed he fled over fears he would be arrested for being behind on child support payments. history : scott had already been jailed three times over missed payments , but court records have revealed there was no warrant out for his arrest when he was pulled over .. minutes later he was shot dead. in 2008 , after a traffic stop in which he was charged with an open-container violation and driving under suspension , he was sent to jail in charleston for six months for failing to pay about $ 6,800 .. in 2011 , bench warrants ordered deputies to bring him in , and scott spent a night in jail when he was $ 7,500 behind .. in 2012 , he spent another night in jail when he owed $ 3,500 .. on thursday a police dashboard camera video released thursday shows scott bolting from his mercedes after he pulled over .. the camera on slager 's patrol car captures him telling scott his third brake light is broken , before asking him to produce insurance papers .. scott , who appears to be accompanied by a person in the passenger seat , explains he does not have any documents as he has yet to officially buy the car . '. i have n't bought it yet , i 'm about to do that monday ... .. my car is down , ' he says .. horrifying : scott was gunned down as he ran away from sager , who has since been charged with his murder. the officer appears calm , checks his licence , then tells him : ` i 'll be right back with you . '. when slager returns to his vehicle , scott flees , running towards the park where he would die moments later .. off camera , a scuffle can be heard , with shouts of ` taser , taser , taser ! '. and ` get on the ground ! '. slager 's account has been called into question after a shocking video taken by a witness shows the officer shooting scott in the back .. in the dash cam footage , captured from slager 's patrol car , the officer explains , ` the reason i 've pulled you over is because your third brakelight is out . '. the conversation is muffled , with music playing in slager 's car obscuring the sound .. he can be heard asking scott for his licence , registration and insurance card .. scott responds that he does n't have papers as he has not yet to bought the car .. ` alright let me see your licence , ' slager replies .. ` so you do n't have any papers in the glove pocket ? '. scott repeats that he does not and he is paying for the car on monday .. slager returns to his car .. a minute later , scott opens the door , and gestures to slager , who shouts , ` you 've got to stay in the car ! '. scott then sits back inside the car - and moments later flees .. the only other footage of the incident shows the moment scott was shot .. released earlier this week , it begins in the vacant lot apparently moments after slager fires his taser .. wires which administer the electrical current appear to be extending from scott 's body .. as scott turns to run , slager draws his pistol and , only when he is 15 to 20 feet away , starts to fire the first of the eight shots at his back .. the video shows slager handcuffing scott 's lifeless body .
( cnn ) the head of the libyan army has rejected the possibility of cooperating with any eu military intervention in his country intended to stem the flow of undocumented migrants trying to reach europe .. in an exclusive interview friday with cnn 's becky anderson , libyan army head gen. khalifa haftar said libyan authorities had not been consulted and , in any event , military action would not solve the problem .. " we will certainly not cooperate , because we were not involved in resolving this issue , " haftar said .. " the decision was taken without consulting the legitimate libyan side . ". the european union is struggling to cope with an increasing number of people crowding into unseaworthy boats and trying to reach european shores .. many of the travelers are fleeing violence and poverty in libya and elsewhere in the region .. the capsizing of one vessel last weekend left an estimated 900 people dead .. eu leaders are considering a plan that would involve military action against people smugglers at the source -- before they load their boats with human cargo .. of necessity , such an operation would involve operations within the territory of north african countries .. but haftar expressed dismay at the prospect in his interview with cnn .. " military action against libyan territory is an unwise decision , " he said .. " you need to deal with the libyan crisis as a whole .. we are a sovereign country that needs to be respected despite what we are going through right now . ". haftar did not respond directly when he was asked whether libyan authorities would confront any european forces within its territory .. " the european union needs to stand with the libyan people to solve the crisis instead of taking such decisions , " the general said .. " the migrant crisis affects them .. but why do n't they see that our problems are also very important ?. it 's important for them to support us either on the humanitarian front or on the security front . ". pressed on the point , haftar replied , " we do what 's in the interest of the libyan people .. the european union is looking after its own interests so we will also look after ours . ". but he said libya is open to other kinds of cooperation on the issue of migration .. " if they take the right approach , we will certainly cooperate , " he said , referring to eu authorities .. " the appropriate approach will benefit libya and its fight against terrorism .. and i repeat , that means lifting sanctions against libya -- specifically those against the army . "
a family have spoken of their heartbreak after two of their beloved pet dogs were shot dead by their neighbour .. the horrific incident happened after lisa and james tuttle moved with their five children to the rural village of geldeston in norfolk in 2005 .. they thought their big house with a large garden surrounded by arable land would be a peaceful and idyllic family home .. but their happiness was shattered in 2014 after their dogs marley and lily were shot after escaping on to their neighbour 's farmland where they were accused of killing his birds .. lisa tuttle with her one remaining dog bella , after her other two dogs were shot dead by the farmer next door. lily , centre , and marley , right , were killed as they were accused of slaughtering a farmer 's birds after escaping onto his land from the tuttle 's garden .. bella , left , is the family 's remaining dog. lisa reveals on channel 5 show the nightmare neighbour next door how she had a long-running dispute with the owner of the farm , john cook , over her dogs trespassing on his property .. it began with their first dog - a labrador called ruby - who the family got shortly after moving into their new home .. lisa said ruby kept escaping from their garden onto mr cook 's land causing him to come and complain .. she explained : ` he knocked on the door and said " your dog is getting out , she 's being a problem , she 's going after my pheasants " . ' '. i did n't like him , i thought he was rude .. i was upset as i did n't want to cause trouble .. we did our best to make sure it would n't happen again and i thought that would be the end of it . '. but a few days later , mr cook returned to complain that ruby had killed 120 of his birds and if he saw her on his land again , he would shoot her .. james said he found this hard to believe as ruby did not show any evidence of having attacked the birds as she never had blood on her fur or around her mouth .. lisa outside her home in geldeston , norfolk .. she thought it would be the perfect place to raise her family but now wants to move following the devastating loss of their two family pets. lisa added : ` she was gentle .. i found it so hard to believe what he was saying was true .. i said i wanted proof of dead pheasants before i gave him any money but we did n't hear from him again . '. terrified that ruby 's life was at risk if she escaped from their garden again , lisa and james made the painful decision to have her re-homed .. ` ruby 's safety came first so we have to give her away , it tore me apart for three or four months , ' lisa said .. her young son ryan added he was also upset they had to give her away .. ` ruby was a really gentle dog , i loved her but she kept escaping .. i was devastated , heartbroken , i had her for a long time , ' he said .. the family decided to keep one of ruby 's puppies , marley , and hoped she would not have her mother 's adventurous tendency to roam outside their garden .. for years , they did n't have any trouble with mr cook so they decided to get two more dogs , lily and bella in 2013 .. but the three dogs started following in ruby 's footsteps and repeatedly escaped onto mr cook 's land .. the tuttle 's first dog ruby , pictured , had to be re-homed because she kept escaping from their garden. ryan said they tried to put up more fences and block holes to stop the dogs leaving their garden ` but they kept digging under the hedge and getting out . '. however , as they had no further complaints from their neighbours , lisa did n't think too much of it .. in august 2014 , they arranged to go away for a family holiday leaving her mother and sister to look after the three dogs .. three days into their trip , they received some shocking news .. ` my mum called and said the farmer had complained that lily and marley had been on his land , ' lisa recalled .. ` it was a shock as i had n't had any runs in with him since ruby .. ` she said they had both been shot , they 're dead .. it was like a dream , i was devastated . '. mr cook said the dogs had broken into one of his pens and slaughtered his birds .. this gave his gamekeeper the right to shot them under the protection of livestock act .. owners whose dogs are killed can prosecute on the grounds that their property has been destroyed .. lisa reveals how they tried to patch up holes in their garden walls and fences to stop the dogs getting out but they kept digging holes to escape. marley , pictured , was killed for worrying livestock after the farmer 's gamekeeper acted within the law when the dogs were said to break into a bird pen on farmer john cook 's property. but if the killer has a ` lawful excuse ' - such as where there were no other means of ending or preventing the dogs worrying their livestock - they have not committed an offence .. mr cook says he and his gamekeeper acted with the law and they have not been charged with any wrong-doing .. it 's a bitter pill for the tuttles to swallow as they say they are bereft at the loss of their two pets .. ryan said when he heard the dogs had been killed he felt like ' a chunk of me was gone , it was like my heart was pulled away . '. meanwhile , lisa , who still has one dog , bella , says she is also struggling to come to terms with what happened and no longer wants to live in the area .. she said : ` i 'm on anti-depressants .. i do n't want to live here anymore .. everywhere there are reminders of what he 's done and what he 's taken away from us . '. the nightmare neighbour next door is on channel 5 wednesdays at 8pm
war veteran : arthur townsend , 92 , supported himself with his zimmer frame at basildon magistrates ' court as he admitted criminal damage. a 92-year-old second world war veteran has avoided jail despite pouring paint stripper over a van owned by a female friend 's son because of the way he treated her .. arthur townsend , who lives in a care home in epping , essex , poured the product over a mercedes sprinter belonging to martin carter - the son of his friend olive carter , 96 .. townsend carried out the attack after becoming angry with mr carter , who he believed was making his mother stay at home to sign for packages relating to his online business .. the retired antiques restorer was given a lift in a car to mr carter 's address where he dumped the brown-coloured paint stripper on the van , causing more than # 2,000 of damage .. townsend - of previous good character - was arrested and charged with criminal damage .. he supported himself with his zimmer frame as he admitted the single charge at basildon magistrates ' court last friday .. remi alabi , prosecuting , said : ` on december 18 last year , townsend asked a friend if she could drive him to a local address .. ` when mr townsend got into the car the friend saw a jar containing a brown liquid .. ` when she parked 40 yards away , she saw mr townsend in her rear-view mirror and he was emptying a jar of brown liquid onto the front of the van . '. the court heard the damage to the mercedes van totalled # 2,190 .. stephen sparkes , defending , said the veteran made a full admission during a police interview .. he said : ` one of the key issues is the complainant runs a company and his 96-year-old mother , olive , was made to stay at the address to receive packages .. residence : retired antiques restorer townsend lives in this care home ( above ) in epping , essex .. he carried out the attack after becoming angry with martin carter - the son of his friend olive carter , 96. vehicle : a file picture of a mercedes sprinter van - the model of vehicle that was damaged by townsend. ` mr townsend was not happy with the way her son was treating him and her .. on one occasion martin carter swore at mr townsend .. he resides in a care home and is of previous good character .. ` he worked as an antiques restorer and he has known the claimant for 45 years . '. mr sparkes said that after townsend 's wife died in 1995 he became good friends with mrs carter .. he added : ` mr townsend has done a lot for the family over the years .. he has given them financial help and has restored antiques for them . '. sentencing , magistrate dorothy hammond said : ` for this offence we are going to go out of our guidelines .. there is a quotation of damage but we have no reason to know that amount was paid . '. townsend was told to pay mr carter # 500 compensation and court costs of # 85 at the hearing .
( cnn ) the death of freddie gray , which was the flashpoint for the protests and now the riots in baltimore , has raised again the questions surrounding police use of force , especially after the now-familiar video of officers arresting mr. gray and loading him into a police van .. gray was arrested by police on april 12 .. the 25-year-old was carried in the van for 40 minutes and he was not properly buckled in , according to authorities .. gray 's family said his voice box had been crushed and his neck snapped , and after a week of hospitalization , he died .. police commissioner anthony batts has said , " we know our police employees failed to get him medical attention in a timely manner multiple times . ". the police and the u.s. justice department are investigating .. the case raises at least three legal issues :. believe it or not , the charging document in this case gives us more information than the now-viral video of the arrest.in that narrative , police state " defendant fled unprovoked upon noticing police presence . ". according to the officers ' words , that 's the sole reason a stop was initiated .. there is no other description of either criminal activity or safety concerns .. the next sentence is important too : " the defendant was apprehended in [ a specific location ] after a brief foot chase . ". the police are locked in : it appears that by their own narrative that the unprovoked flight was the only reason for the stop , because the very next thing that happens ... is the stop .. can the police stop you if all you do is run from them when you see them ?. for the most part , yes .. but having grounds to stop is not the same as having probable cause to make an arrest .. in this case , mr. gray took off running .. the united states supreme court and maryland courts have made clear that unprovoked flight -- running away from the police for no reason -- is enough to support reasonable suspicion that a crime has been committed .. when you add to the suspect 's flight the supreme court 's recognition that the character of the neighborhood is also a factor in assessing reasonable suspicion , it appears that the police in this case had at least enough to justify the stop , constitutionally .. much to the chagrin of public defenders and defense attorneys , as long as an officer testifies minimally to an individual ( 1 ) running away , ( 2 ) in a " high crime " area , the stop will usually be " good . ". but police are supposed to articulate the additional safety concern to get to the frisk .. police must also have reasonable suspicion that the suspect may be " armed and presently dangerous " to additionally conduct a carefully limited search of the outer clothing for the sole purpose of discovering weapons .. the charging document does n't really identify a safety concern ... or does it ?. after the chase , and before an arrest : " this officer noticed a knife clipped to the inside of his front right pants pocket . ". should n't that really say : " i saw a clip but whatever it was clipped to was inside a pocket ... where i could n't see it " ?. that 's a close call : police were lawfully at the stop stage , but the knife -- even though it was inside his pants pocket -- was visible from the outside ... because of an identifying knife clip ?. see how artfully that was done ?. observation of a knife is definitely a safety concern .. i suppose that will get the officer to the frisk of the pocket ... assuming he is a connoisseur of knife clips and can differentiate them from hair clips , chip clips , etc. .. according to william murphy , an attorney for gray 's family , he was carrying a " pocket knife of legal size , " and the lawyer contended that police did n't see the knife before the altercation .. the legality of the knife will be an issue , but police have essentially conceded that the knife was not seen until the stop .. the important thing here is that a stop and frisk is not the same as an arrest .. in theory , if a stop gives rise to no suspicion , and a frisk yields nothing more than a comb and some pocket lint , the citizen should be free to leave .. an arrest requires much more : probable cause to believe a crime has been committed , and nothing less .. that knife was the only crime he was charged with , so again , police are locked into a narrative by their own report .. if it ultimately turns out to be a legal knife , there will be a lot of scrutiny on the decision to arrest .. for example , if the " knife " was one of those pointy files attached to a 2-inch nail clipper , that does not sound like good faith probable cause for an arrest .. remember also that based on the police narrative in the report , they did not see the knife until after they seized mr. gray .. so the question arises : what would they have done with gray if he had no knife or other contraband on him ?. they could , but most likely not unless there was some intentional act that resulted in gray 's death .. as we 've seen , charging officers with crimes -- especially murder -- is rare and difficult .. if you 're pro-cop , you could say that 's because they are well-trained and rarely abuse their force .. if you have a more jaded view of law enforcement , you would say it 's because they are well-trained , and consequently very skilled at testifying or explaining their use of force .. baltimore police are suggesting mr. gray 's injuries occurred after his arrest , while he was being transported back for processing , and that he may not have received proper medical attention .. that 's not a surprise .. in fact , from a liability perspective , this is a good strategic move for the police .. it will be harder to hold them liable if gray 's injuries happened after -- not before -- his arrest .. pre-arrest , gray 's " seizure " would be judged by a " reasonableness " standard , under the fourth amendment .. however , courts have limited these " seizures " to the initial act of seizing the person .. any excessive force claims after the arrest are not covered by the fourth amendment .. the claims of an arrestee are instead governed by a different constitutional provision : the due process clause of the 14th amendment .. what 's the difference between the fourth and 14th amendment anyway ?. when it comes to potential civil liability of the officers , it makes a huge difference .. the applicable burden of proof and chances of winning a lawsuit depend largely on which constitutional standard governs .. under the fourth amendment , the test is whether the force was objectively unreasonable based on the totality of the circumstances .. under the 14th amendment standard , the officer will only be liable if the force was applied maliciously and sadistically for the very purpose of causing unnecessary and wanton pain and suffering .. that 's a much tougher burden for a plaintiff to meet .. fortunately , courts have held that pretrial detainees like freddie gray are entitled to at least the same protection under the 14th amendment as are convicted prisoners under the eighth amendment , and its prohibition against " cruel and unusual punishments , " in this case the deliberate indifference to medical needs of prisoners .. even a supreme court justice has taken issue with this view of the constitution .. other jurisdictions have actually opted to extend the protections of the fourth amendment after arrest , so not only could reasonable minds differ ... reasonable courts , judges , and states differ , too .. it 's just that maryland is not within one of those jurisdictions .. it 's a kind of unintentional " gap " in constitutional coverage , one the courts have struggled to deal with .. based on the law , it seems that if an arrestee is hurt during a " rough ride , " police might avoid liability in maryland if they contend the injury was not caused wantonly or sadistically .. that 's a higher standard for liability than if freddie gray was hurt pre-arrest , so , if it 's the truth , it just happens to also be a constitutionally convenient one .
carriers of the brca1 gene , like hollywood star angelina jolie , can reduce their risk of death once they have been diagnosed with breast cancer by having their ovaries removed. women diagnosed with breast cancer caused by the gene carried by angelina jolie could be helped to beat the disease if they have their ovaries removed as she did .. a study indicates that following the example of the hollywood star cuts their risk of dying from breast cancer by more than 60 per cent .. miss jolie , 39 , had the procedure , known as an oophorectomy , in march .. two years before , she had a double mastectomy as she carries the brca1 gene variant which dramatically raises the risk of developing both breast and ovarian cancer .. women who carry a mutated version of brca1 or another gene known as brca2 face a life-time risk of breast cancer of up to 70 per cent .. if diagnosed , they face a severe threat of ovarian tumours .. the researchers in canada analysed 676 breast cancer patients who had one of the mutated genes , nearly half ( 345 ) underwent oophorectomy after their diagnosis .. the study found the 20-year survival rate for the entire group was 77.4 per cent .. having an oophorectomy was associated with a significant drop of 62 per cent in breast cancer death in women with a brca1 mutation , but this did not occur in those with a brca2 mutation .. there were nine deaths from ovarian cancer in the women who did not have oophorectomies .. the scientists found a 65 per cent reduction in death from all causes associated with oophorectomy .. according to the study , oophorectomies were performed an average of six years after breast cancer diagnosis .. for the 70 brca1 carriers who had their ovaries removed within two years , there was a 73 per cent reduction in death compared with women with the mutation who never underwent the procedure .. the authors , writing in the journal jama oncology , said that the protective effect of oophorectomy against breast cancer was apparent immediately after diagnosis and lasted for 15 years .. dr steven narod , of the women 's college research institute , toronto , called for follow-up studies on women who undergo oophorectomy as part of their initial treatment , in particular , those who had the surgery within a year of finding out they have breast cancer .. he added that more research was needed , especially on carriers of the brca2 variant .. journal editor dr mary disis said the results were ` compelling and suggest the potential of oophorectomy should become part of the treatment discussion at the time of diagnosis for brca mutation carriers with early stage breast cancers ' .. she added : ` the results provide a validation of oophorectomy in coveying both a disease-free and overall survival benefit for brca1 carriers .. ` in the entire group , oophorectomy was particularly effective for survival benefit in women with oestrogen-receptor negative breast cancer . '. those women diagnosed with the brca1 gene mutation have a 50 to 80 per cent risk of developing breast cancer , pictured , in their lifetime. women with a significant family history of breast cancer may have an increased risk of getting the disease .. a significant family history is defined by :. women who inherit the faulty , or mutated , brca1 or brca2 genes have a 50 to 80 per cent chance of developing breast cancer during their lifetime .. genetic tests are available to women who are likely to have a brca1 or brca2 mutation , or faults in two other genes called tp53 and pten .. brca gene faults are more common in the ashkenazi jewish population , about 2.3 per cent of ashkenazi jewish women have a brca gene mutation .. this type of the disease affects about one in four women diagnosed with breast cancer .. it is an especially aggressive form which is often resilient to drug treatment and requires intensive chemotherapy .. other studies of the gene mutation carriers have found that reduced mortality is associated with ovary removal for women with a history of breast cancer .. speaking about her decision to have the procedure miss jolie , who has six children , said that having her ovaries removed did not make her feel any less womanly .. in an article for the new york times , she wrote : ` i feel feminine , and grounded in the choices i am making for myself and my family . '
andres iniesta has responded to his critics by claiming he ` never went away ' following a vintage first-half performance in barcelona 's 2-0 win over paris saint-germain on tuesday night .. the spaniard had failed to register a single assist or goal from 19 la liga appearances this season , prompting critics to suggest the 30-year-old was on the decline .. but iniesta capped an impressive 45 minutes in his side 's champions league quarter-final second-leg victory over psg with a mesmeric run and pass for neymar to score his first goal of the evening at the camp nou .. andres iniesta showed there is life in the old dog yet with a majestic first-half performances versus psg. iniesta provided neymar with his first goal on the night with a trademark through-ball after 14 minutes '. i was glad to take part in the semi-finals and it was a great night for everyone , ' inietsa told reporters .. ` it was not easy at all , despite us having the 3-1 advantage .. we 're peaking at a great time by playing well at the end of the season .. we have gone from strength to strength , which is what it should be like .. ` we 're in great form but we know that matches can be decided by the smallest of details .. we know that our presence in the semi-finals is important , though , and it 's great that we made it that far . '. barcelona 's no 8 goes to celebrate with neymar after killing off the french side in the opening half. neymar added his second of the night to make it 30 goals for the season as barcelona cruised past psg. iniesta 's ability to adapt his game may yet add years to his already glittering career at the camp nou. iniesta has been forced to play a deeper role this season to accommodate the triple threat of neymar , luis suarez and lionel messi .. and it was from his deep-lying central position that the diminutive midfielder started his slalom through the heart of laurent blanc 's side just shy of the quarter-hour mark , before laying the ball on a plate for neymar to score his 29th goal of the season .. iniesta was replaced by xavi at half-time , as barcelona went on to complete a 5-1 aggregate victory that puts them in the draw for the champions league semi-finals for the seventh time in eight years .
alan pardew will target a marquee signing this summer so his crystal palace side are taken seriously next season .. pardew has transformed palace into relegation candidates to a club pushing for a top-half finish since taking charge in january .. he will be active in the transfer market come the end of the season in an attempt to take the club to the next level and is keen to bring in a big name to declare the club 's intentions .. crystal palace manager alan pardew is keen on bringing in a star name to boost the club 's profile. eagles boss pardew slapped a '40 to 60 million pounds ' price-tag on crystal palace winger yannick bolasie. ` that is a solution to not just give us a better media standing than we have , but to also give everybody else here the recognition in terms of their value that we could attract a player of that type , ' pardew said .. ` that is something i have thought about . '. pardew is prepared to let star winger yannick bolasie leave for ` between 40 and 60 million pounds ' and would use the money to build a formidable squad .. but even if that does not happen , pardew , whose side host relegation strugglers hull city on saturday , is adamant that he will be backed by chairman steve parish .. the former newcastle boss was able to make five permanent signings in january and will look to add several more when the transfer window re-opens .. pardew added : ' to be honest , the chairman is as much banging on my door as i am his .. the most important thing is we get good value . '. while palace may seek to break the # 7million club transfer record set with the september 2014 arrival of james mcarthur from wigan , pardew is loath to do so lightly .. palace broke their club transfer record in september 2014 when they splashed out # 7m on james mcarthur. ` it is n't just about the money and is n't just about the figure that you pay , ' said pardew .. ` it really is about are they better than what you have .. ` therefore what is their value ?. and that is what you have to gauge . '. i have to say this club has done very well in the transfer market prior to me coming in .. i think in that window just passed we bought really well , but really we have n't seen them . '. i have n't had to lean on shola ameobi , jordon mutch , chungy ( lee chung-yong ) too much really .. ` and i really did think , particularly in shola , that he was going to be a massive player for us if it got close .. ` in a way the team have taken that equation away . '. pardew has guided palace out of the relegation mire since his january arrival , with the eagles fifth in the premier league standings on 2015 's fixtures alone .. victory over hull in saturday 's selhurst park clash would rubber-stamp palace 's top-flight safety , and pardew admitted he is eager to make what experiments he can with next term in mind .. ` there could be an opportunity to look for next year and that is what i am going to do between now and the end of the year , ' he said . '. i will try and keep our professionalism together , but also look at chungy and jordon mutch and how they are going to impact on what is a good team at the moment .. ` we still have some big games though , so i have to look at that and ca n't be experimenting in some .. ` it is about making sure whatever team goes out there is every bit as good as the team that has played in the last few weeks . '. pardew has not had to ` lean on ' shola ameobi , jordon mutch and lee chung-yong since their arrival
a restaurant boss is facing a lengthy jail sentence after he became the last of a string of men to be convicted of child sex offences against girls in peterborough .. mohammed khubaib , originally from pakistan , befriended girls and then ` hooked ' them with alcohol - normally vodka - in an attempt to make them ` compliant ' to sexual advances .. the 43-year-old married businessman , who lived in the city with his wife and children , would pursue his interest ` away from his home and family ' , using his restaurant as a ` focal point ' .. convicted : married businessman mohammed khubaib , originally from pakistan , had a ` persistent and almost predatory interest ' in teenage girls. khubaib - who was convicted of the charges against him by a jury at the old bailey in five hours - had a ` persistent and almost predatory interest ' in teenage girls , the trial heard .. the father of five groomed vulnerable under-age girls by giving them money , gifts or cigarettes before plying them with alcohol .. following a trial he was found guilty of forcing a 14-year-old girl to perform a sex act on him and nine counts of trafficking for sexual exploitation involving girls aged from 12 to 15 between november 2010 and january 2013 .. his south african friend manase motaung , 32 , was cleared of raping a 16-year-old and seven trafficking charges , involving six girls .. khubaib 's conviction brings the total number of people to be convicted under operation erle to ten , of which five are of pakistani origin .. khubaib was remanded in custody and warned he faces a long spell behind bars when he is sentenced on may 15 .. eatery : khubaib , who lived in peterborough with his wife and children , would pursue his interest ` away from his home and family ' , using his restaurant ( above ) as a ` focal point '. judge peter rook qc told him he had been convicted ` of a very serious offence of a rape on a young girl ... having plied her with vodka ' .. he added : ` you have also been convicted of no less than nine trafficking offences in relation to under-age girls who you were deliberately plying with vodka so that you could take advantage of them , knowing they craved vodka so you could exploit them sexually .. the cambridgeshire police investigation codenamed operation erle has led to a string of convictions for sex offences against girls in the peterborough area .. ` you must know the only sentence is a custodial sentence - and a long sentence . '. the jury was deliberating for less than a day before it reached its verdicts .. four previous cases led to nine male defendants being jailed for 59 offences against 15 girls , from peterborough , with a couple from lincolnshire and rutland .. mark dennis qc , prosecuting , said the girls were vulnerable because of their age , background , circumstances or unsettled schooling and khubaib pretended to be their ` friend and helper ' .. khubaib , who also ran a lettings agency , would drive girls to flats in his 4x4 and , once there , they would be groomed for sex by being ` plied with alcohol and entertained by himself and his friends ' .. khubaib raped a 14-year-old girl in august 2007 by forcing her to perform oral sex on him after she was given alcohol and then ` rewarded ' with # 5 , the court heard .. the jury heard details of the trafficking allegations .. khubaib would buy one girl and her friends mcdonald 's meals and tobacco , as well as giving her small sums of money and a # 40 bunch of flowers for her 15th birthday , the court heard .. he told the girl he wanted her to be his wife , saying that he would ` choose her over everyone else ' , while he told another 15-year-old she had beautiful eyes , the jury was told .. when she rebuffed him , saying he was too old for her , he was said to have replied : ` age does n't matter . '. khubaib allegedly offered another girl # 60 , telling her : ` you make me happy , i 'll give you money . '. two weeks later he allegedly increased the offer to # 90 .. in january 2013 , khubaib picked up two friends - one aged 12 and the other aged 14 - in his seven-seater car and took them to a mcdonald 's , mr dennis said .. the girls became uncomfortable when khubaib got into a row on his phone and slipped away .. later that month , the defendants were arrested at a terrace house in peterborough , where police found two girls aged 14 .. khubaib said in police interviews that his association with all of the girls was innocent and he had not acted in any improper way , denying any sexual contact with the girl he is said to have raped .. motaung also denied wrongdoing by saying he had consensual sex with the rape complainant .. cambridgeshire police and peterborough city council launched a ` victim-led ' inquiry after identifying a number of young people who might have been at risk of sexual exploitation towards the end of 2012 .. the joint investigation was proactively initiated in response to the rotherham and rochdale child abuse cases .. nine asian men from rochdale , greater manchester , were jailed for a total of 77 years in may 2012 for raping and abusing up to 47 girls - some as young as 13 - after plying them with alcohol and luring them to takeaways .. two years earlier , in november 2010 , five men from rotherham in south yorkshire were jailed after being found guilty of grooming girls as young as 12 .. separately , a serious case review found last month that up to 373 children may have been targeted for sex by gangs of men in oxfordshire in the last 16 years .. wendi ogle-welbourn from the council said : ` what was different in peterborough is that having followed other places like rotherham and oxford we knew we must have child sexual exploitation in our city . '. the two defendants , both from peterborough , denied the charges .. following the verdict , detective superintendent gary ridgway , of cambridgeshire police , said : ` i 'm pleased with the verdicts today because not only does it acknowledge the seriousness of this behaviour but also the courage of the young people who were able to face their abuser in court . '. he added that the investigation was more than two years old , and ` i do not underestimate the impact on some of the young people involved ' .. cambridgeshire police and peterborough city council launched a ` victim-led ' inquiry after identifying a number of young people who might have been at risk of sexual exploitation towards the end of 2012 .. the joint investigation was proactively initiated in response to the rotherham and rochdale child abuse cases .. a police spokesman said : ` we have made great efforts to safeguard these young people , win their confidence and explore what they told us .. ` as a result of the information given to us , we launched a number of investigations .. a police investigation formally began in early january 2013 . '. a number of the victims were in care at the time and had problems at home and school while the abusers ' ethnicity reflected the local demographic - portuguese and eastern european , as well as asian/pakistani men .. khubaib 's activities involved girls being befriended and then ` hooked ' with alcohol in an attempt to make them ` compliant ' to sexual advances. a mother has spoken of her pride after her teenage daughter ` kick-started ' the police investigation into khubaib .. the teenager was targeted by him when she was just 14 in peterborough .. she saw him three times , but grew scared when he had an argument over the phone after taking her to mcdonald 's and decided to tell her parents , who took her to the police .. khubaib , 43 , did not touch her - but had a ` persistent and almost predatory interest ' in teenage girls , the old bailey heard .. the girl 's mother said the youngster found giving evidence at his trial ` worse than she expected ' after her father broke down in tears when she went into the courtroom .. she said : ` we keep telling her how proud we are .. at one point she got very depressed and kept saying " i 'm stupid , i 'm silly " .. but we told her that , at the end of the day , she has helped so many girls .. ` luckily , nothing happened to her and she saw sense before it got any further - but she has helped so many girls and she should feel proud of that .. ` there are many girls out there , even though they do n't know her , they are going to be thanking her . '. the woman said that the pressure of taking the matter to police had had a ` big impact ' on her daughter .. she explained that before meeting khubaib , the girl was an outgoing tomboy who enjoyed being out with her friends and going to school .. she said : ` after she told me and her father what had happened and we had gone to the police , she became a hermit . '
two fast and the furious-style crooks who stole # 160,000 worth of luxury cars from homes across four counties have been jailed for more than 10 years .. roy day , 29 , and gerard lundie , 26 , targeted 13 properties over four months at the end of last year while the owners were asleep in bed .. but after the duo left their dna at the scenes of some of the crimes they were arrested .. roy day ( right ) , 29 , and gerard lundie ( left ) , 26 , targeted 13 homes over four months at the end of last year. they were each jailed for five years and four months at birmingham crown court after they admitted once charge of conspiracy to commit burglary .. the crime spree began on september 18 last year when a citroen c4 and widescreen tv were stolen from a house in calshot road , great barr , birmingham .. lundie was arrested seven days later when the stolen car was seen speeding away from officers at 100mph in erdington , birmingham but later let go .. he was found hiding in a nearby bush after fleeing the vehicle .. he admitted driving the car but denied stealing it or having any knowledge of it being stolen .. lundie was released on bail but continued to target properties in birmingham , warwickshire , staffordshire and shropshire .. the duo stole a kia car from the drive of a property in castle bromwich , birmingham , on october 20 which was later found abandoned .. forensic experts discovered lundie 's dna inside the vehicle which eventually linked the pair to the crime .. the pair drove an audi a6 ( pictured ) and a vauxhall astra from a driveway in oswestry , shropshire. favouring audis , day and lundie stole an audi a5 ( pictured ) from a house in cannock , staffordshire. another kia was stolen from the driveway in cooksey lane , kingstanding , birmingham in the early hours of october 26 .. police enquires showed day was in the area at the time .. the pair organised raids on four more homes in great barr , birmingham and one in atherstone , warwickshire , between november 15 and 20 .. the court heard the crooks stole a citroen c3 , a kia and a nissan qashqai andforensic evidence recovered from one of the cars stolen was again linked to lundie .. the duo stole a a nissan qashqai ( pictured ) through which he crime was again linked to lundie. days later , the criminals stole an audi a5 and a vauxhall corsa from a house in cannock , staffordshire .. the corsa was later found crashed into a telegraph pole in streetly , staffordshire , and day 's dna was found on the driver 's airbag .. lundie and day then targeted three homes in shrewsbury , shropshire between .. two audi s3s were stolen in the burglaries with lundie 's dna linking him to the offences.the court then heard the pair drove an audi a6 and vauxhall astra from a driveway in oswestry , shropshire. they were each jailed for five years and four months at birmingham crown court ( pictured ) after they admitted once charge of conspiracy to commit burglary. both vehicles were later recovered nearby and lundie 's dna was found inside the astra .. lundie , of no fixed address , was arrested the next day after he drove away from officers in kingstanding , birmingham .. examination of lundie 's phone led officers to the identification of day from erdington , birmingham , as a suspect and enabled them to match his dna to the crime scenes .
it is the historic site where king john sealed the magna carta to establish the rule of law .. but just a few hundred yards from the famous setting at runnymede in surrey -- which the queen will visit in june to celebrate the document 's 800th anniversary -- dozens of anarchists have made their squalid home in a litter-strewn shanty town .. squatting on the private land , the group , who are linked to the occupy london movement that caused chaos in london when they set up camp outside st paul 's cathedral in 2011 , have left locals outraged .. squatter vinny outside one of the make-shift homes the group has set up just yards away from where the magna carta was sealed in runnymede , surrey. in contrast to the neatly tended magna carta memorial nearby , a used condom and grubby mattress lie at the entrance to the ramshackle squatters ' camp .. inside , a mail on sunday reporter witnessed one anarchist openly smoking cannabis just feet from a two-year-old child .. the battle to evict the squatters is set to come to a head just before the magna carta anniversary on june 15 .. last thursday the squatters were granted a stay of execution when a county court judge allowed them two weeks to submit a defence ahead of a hearing next month .. one camp leader , vinny , who would not give his surname , said : ` this is about using the land to grow our own vegetables .. it 's a place to give people life skills , a sanctuary for the displaced . '. the dope-smoking 48-year-old added : ` why ca n't we have equality with land ownership ?. why ca n't we have a few acres each ? '. last thursday the squatters were granted a stay of execution when a county court judge allowed them two weeks to submit a defence ahead of a hearing next month. the camp was set up three years ago in woodland on a disused brunel university site .. property developers orchid runnymede has planning permission to build affordable homes , student accommodation , an elderly care facility , and private housing on the land .. but the community of about 30 squatters are refusing to leave .. they claim to live off the land , using solar panels for electricity , a freshwater spring to wash and a vegetable patch to grow food , as well as raiding supermarket rubbish bins .. king john sealed the magna carta to establish the rule of law .. above , a painting illustrating the historic moment. but david sheldrake , whose farm borders the camp , said they have been stealing from water tanks for his cattle , adding : ` i 'm 69 and there are young people there -- able , fit people who do n't want to work . '. one of the camp 's founding members , james hampson , claims some of the squatters do work full-time .. he has not worked since staying at the camp but said he has not claimed any benefits either .. the former it worker said : ` our aim here has always been to build a sustainable community . '. mr hampson is pledging to peacefully resist any attempt by developers -- who recently erected a steel fence around the squat -- to retake the land .. the squatters ' lifestyle is a far cry from that in the leafy village of englefield just 200 yards away , where houses fetch more than # 1 million .. marketing consultant lisa lawson , 55 , whose house borders the development site , said : ` if you really believe in keeping everything nice and living off the land , why is there such a load of rubbish down there ? '. retired engineer janet ferstl , 60 , added : ` i used to walk my dogs down there a lot but i do n't any more .. i do n't feel safe . '. a spokesman for arts estates , which manages the land , said : ` we are building a valuable development for the community and we have to do so within the laws of the land . '
this incredible footage shows the moment an ` apocalyptic ' weather storm struck belarus , turning day into night when fast-moving storm clouds blocked out the sun .. filmed from a high rise apartment , the video shows traffic moving along a busy street in the province of salihorsk , south of the capital of minsk on monday afternoon .. as dark clouds move over the city , the entire area is plunged into darkness - forcing motorists to turn on their lights as they navigate the darkened roads .. dark clouds start forming over the city of soligorsk , belarus , as the sandstorm sweeps over the city. within a matter of minutes , the storm had blocked out the sun , creating chaos on the city streets. the sandstorm was so thick the city was plunged into darkness during the monday afternoon storm. towards the end of the video , the clouds thin out and the city once again slowly becomes illuminated .. the storm was caused by a cold front moving in from the ukrainian-belorusian border , named a haboob - which is arabic for an intense dust storm , rt reported .. not only did it cause chaos on city streets , but forced about 100,000 residents of the city of soligorsk to stay indoors .. those that did venture outside travelled by torchlight .. heavy rain associated with the storm also caused electricity cuts and damage to buildings .. several people from the region who commented on the video described the storm as like a ` doomsday scenario ' or the apocalypse .. while sandstorms , or haboobs , are commonly associated with the sahara region , they can occur in any arid area .. the deserts of australia are particularly prone to the storms , as are countries located along the arabian gulf and parts of africa .. associated with thunderstorms and small tornadoes , sandstorms are characterised by strong winds which move huge amounts of sand in a dense wall across thousands of kilometres - at heights reaching 1,000 m.
the sister of a missing woman who left a popular spanish nightspot with two brits who are now being probed over her disappearance has made a tearful video appeal for information on her whereabouts .. pretty agnese klavina , 30 , vanished after being driven away from celebrity puerto banus haunt aqwa mist on september 6 last year .. older sister gunta fought back tears as she described her sister as ` very beautiful ' and spoke of her despair at the lack of news .. tearful : older sister gunta has made an emotional video appeal for information about agnese 's whereabouts. blonde beauty : agnese travelled to marbella to start a summer job at the ocean club in marbella , was wearing a multi-coloured halter neck dress and carrying a large white louis vuitton handbag when she left the club. suspicion : multi-millionaire property developer 's son westley capper ( left ) and pal craig porter ( right ) were summoned to court on monday in nearby marbella. looking pale-faced and drawn and speaking in a faltering voice , the 31-year-old said : ` it 's been over seven months since she went missing and we do n't know anything about her . '. if anyone knows anything about her whereabouts or what happened to her that night , please provide us with this information and we will give this information to the police .. ` we have heard that she left the nightclub with some english people .. please if you have heard , if you can imagine how i feel , how her mother feels , please give us some information about her . '. gunta 's heartbreaking video appeal emerged hours after multi-millionaire property developer 's son westley capper , 37 , and pal craig porter , 33 , were summoned to court on monday in nearby marbella .. the pair , who are being investigated on suspicion of agnese 's illegal detention after a damning police report based on cctv footage claimed she did not leave the club voluntarily , refused to answer questions about the case .. a secrecy order imposed on the case was removed and a huge police file released to the family 's lawyer .. marbella-based judge sergio luis martin indicated at monday 's hearing - which took place behind closed doors - that he would be happy to meet agnese 's family and brief them on his findings so far .. missing : friends reported agnese missing the week of her disappearance along with her mum and sister after they flew to spain when she failed to respond to calls and messages. the judge is now expected to order new dna tests on a human hair found inside the boot of the mercedes privately-educated capper has admitted to driving latvian-born agnese away from the club in .. samples taken from a motorboat belonging to capper 's family - which police fear may have been used to dispose of agnese 's body if she is dead - are also expected to be analysed using dna from her mum .. overweight expat capper - whose essex-born dad john specialises in buying and selling luxury properties around the world - has had travel restrictions imposed on him while the investigation against him continues .. he is claiming he dropped off agnese , whose boyfriend michael millis is a former owner of west london club westbourne studios , near a flat she was staying at for the summer close to the home of former england manager fabio capello .. porter , from liverpool , says he fell asleep on the back seat of the car they left the club in before the drop-off .. forensic experts were unable to discover who the hair in the boot of the car belonged to during during initial tests following a sweep of the vehicle .. agnese with british boyfriend michael millis , who travelled to spain to help the search for the 30-year-old. the motorboat belonging to capper 's family was seized in a port in the province of murcia , around 300 miles east of marbella .. it left a port in fuengirola near marbella days after agnese vanished .. a doorman at aqwa mist was initially arrested alongside the two current brit suspects for allegedly obstructing police inquiries - but the case against him dropped after the trio took part in a police reconstruction of the last night agnese was seen alive .. the criminal inquiry is expected to become a homicide probe if new dna tests show agnese was in the boot of the car or on the motorboat .. neither suspect has yet been formally charged with any crime as is normal in spain in the early stages of an investigation .. aqwa mist is one of four marbella venues owned by international restaurant brand la sala , whose shareholders include ex-tottenham hotspurs winger david bentley and defender dean austin .. agnese klavina vanished after being driven away from celebrity puerto banus haunt aqwa mist on september 6 last year. capper ( left ) and porter ( right ) after their court appearance on monday .. privately-educated capper has admitted to driving latvian-born agnese away from the club. footballer ashley cole is said to have spent # 12,000 on champagne he then sprayed over his friends during a night out at the nightspot the summer before last .. hollywood star eva longoria , american actor and singer terence howard , and boxer amir khan have partied there since its opening in june 2012 .. the stars of bafta award-winning reality tv soap opera towie are also summer regulars at the club , which bills itself as marbella 's number one party venue .. lawyers acting for the two brits refused to comment as they left court .. a court official confirmed : ` both suspects declined to answer questions from the judge .. ` the investigation is ongoing . '. a source close to the case said : ` the judge has indicated he will order fresh dna tests which may involve the use of agnese 's mum 's dna .. ` he had important questions to ask the suspects and obviously would have preferred it if they had agreed to cooperate with his investigation . '. capper 's dad , known to friends as fred , has made a fortune from purchasing and selling luxury properties across the world .. he has modernised and sold luxury villas in fortress estates like la zagaleta near marbella , home to some of the world 's wealthiest people .. one of his companies also boasts of assets including yachts and private jets .. an acquaintance , who asked not to be named , described him as ` mega-rich ' and said he owned his own private plane with his name on the tail plate .. he is currently understood to be based in gibraltar .. the source said : ` westley might not look like a multi-millionaire 's son but he 's never wanted for anything . '. agnese , a 5ft 7in blonde who had travelled to marbella to start a summer job at the ocean club in marbella , was wearing a multi-coloured halter neck dress and carrying a large white louis vuitton handbag when she left the club .. friends reported her missing the week of her disappearance , along with her mum and sister after they flew to spain when she failed to respond to calls and messages and they discovered her clothes and bank cards were still at a nearby flat she was staying at .. her friends and relatives have put up missing posters around marbella and the neighbouring resort of puerto banus in the hope of cracking the mystery .. agnese 's friends and relatives have put up missing posters around marbella and the neighbouring resort of puerto banus in the hope of cracking the mystery. boyfriend michael admitted at the time : ` the longer agnese is missing the more pessimistic we are about ever seeing her alive again '. they have also set up a find agnese klavina facebook page linked to a gofundme page to help raise funds for legal fees linked to the search .. agnese 's mum daiga , in an appeal for information about her daughter 's whereabouts in february , said : ` we ca n't believe this is happening .. ` it has now been nearly six months without our daughter - not knowing if she is still alive or where she may be .. ` please help us find our agnese , our lives will never be the same if we do n't see her again .. ` if anyone has any information no matter how small , it could make a big difference to our efforts in finding her . '. boyfriend michael admitted at the time : ` the longer agnese is missing the more pessimistic we are about ever seeing her alive again . '. i think if she was going to be found safe and well she would have contacted someone close to her by now and she has n't . '. anyone with any information on agnese 's whereabouts can phone the spanish police on ( 0034 ) 952762600 or the find agnese campaign number ( 0044 ) 7731 976471 .. sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .
a trim 120-pound mother-of-four set a new world record this weekend and earned $ 6,000 in prize money after downing three 72-ounce steak dinners in just 20 minutes .. competitive eater mary schuyler accomplished the stunning feat in front of hundreds at the big texan steak ranch restaurant in amarillo , texas on sunday .. schuyler is such a champ that the four teams of two that competed against her did n't even come close to winning - even though they were allowed to split their dinners .. winner , winner , steak dinner : molly schuyler won the 72-ounce steak dinner challenge at the big texan steack ranch restaurant in amarillo , texas on sunday. fast eater : the 120-pound mother-of-four ate three steak dinners - complete with sides - in just 20 minutes. worth it : for breaking the record for quickest steak dinner eaten and for finishing her three meals in under an hour , schuyler took home a grand total of $ 6,000. in addition to the three massive 72-ounce steaks , competitors also had to eat three baked potatoes , three shrimp cocktails , three salads and three rolls for a whopping 15 pounds of food .. while that might sound daunting to most , schuyler was confident that she would beat out the other competitors with her experience .. ` they would have had to eat their half in like four minutes , ' schuyler told the amarillo globe-news .. ` if you 're not used to doing this , four minutes is hard . '. filling : the dinner included three 72-ounce steaks , three shrimp cocktails , three baked potatoes , three salads and three rolls. champion : though her competitors were allowed to tackle the challenge in teams of two , none came close to winning the competition. she cleaned her plate : schuyler poses with a fan after the feat , showing off her belly bloated from the competition. however , she was a bit nervous about tackling a three steak dinners since she ate just two when she competed at the restaurant last year . '. i come in thinking i 'm going to fail , but you know if i win it 's a lovely parting gift and that 's cool , ' she told kfda-tv . '. i also get free steak so i do n't really lose . '. as the competition began , schuyler covered up with a pair of sunglasses and put up her sweatshirt hood to focus on the task at hand and finished her first steak in just four minutes and 18 seconds - beating the previous record she set last year of four minutes and 48 seconds .. hundreds cheered her on below the competition table set up side the restaurant on a sunny day , as schuyler ripped her way through the steaks .. competitors had an hour to finish their $ 72 dinners , in order to get them for free , but schuyler cleaned her plates in a cool 20 .. and with enough time to spare , schuyler tried attacking a fourth steak but had to stop , saying she was tired of the taste .. schuyler was born and raised in nebraska and currently residents in sacramento california .. before her competitive food eating life , she worked as a bartender and server at applebee 's .. in august 2012 , schuyler entered her first competitive eating competition , becoming the first woman to finish the stellanator at stella bar in omaha , nebraska .. the stellanator includes six hamburger patties , six eggs , six pieces of cheese , six pieces of bacon topped with fried onions , jalapenos , lettuce , tomatoes , pickles , two buns and mayonnaise .. another to add to the trophy cabinet : schuyler pictured above winning the z-burger contest in washington , dc last july .. during the competition she ate 24 hamburgers in ten minutes. since then , schuyler has been competing regularly in food eating competitions - including one weekend in 2014 when she competed in four food competitions .. on january 31 , 2014 , schuyler won wing bowl 22 in philadelphia , by eating 363 wings .. the next day , she competed in and won both the ihop pancake bowl and the bacon-eating contest at the blue ribbon bacon festival in des moines .. she finished out the weekend by taking on the adam emmenecker challenge at jethro 's barbecue .. schuyler first took on the emmenecker challenge in december 2012 , when she became the first woman to complete the meal that includes a spicy pickle , bun , pork tenderloin , buffalo chicken tenders , white cheddar sauce , fried cheese cubes , texas brisket , applewood smoked bacon , cheeseburger and a pound of waffle fries ... in just 15 minutes .. dessert : schuyler guzzles down 12 pounds of rice pudding in three minutes to set a new world record last year. hero : last year mrs schuyler smashed another record by demolishing a 12-pound sandwich , one pound of french fries and a large soda as part of the mad greek deli challenge in portland , oregon. schuyler started the competition at her normal 120 pounds , but by the time she was crowned winner , she had gained 15 pounds and her stomach noticeably filled out .. her physique was quite a contrast to the larger men who decided to take her on in the eating competition including a team of two professional wrestlers and two members of the amarillo venum indoor football team .. for setting the record for fastest eaten steak dinner , schuyler won $ 1,000 and another $ 5,000 for completing the challenge in less than an hour .. what 's more - schuyler says she plans to come back next year and break her record , upping the ante to four steaks instead of three .. bobby lee , the co-owner of the big texas , says the restaurant was floored by her performance and that they 'll be submitting her record to guinness .. ` we 've been doing this contest since 1960 , and in all that time we 've never had anybody come in to actually eat that many steaks at one time - so this is a first for us and after 55 years of it , it 's a big deal , ' lee told abc 7 .. schuyler started competing in eating competition in august 2012 , and has broken several records during her brief career .. in january 2014 , she set ate 363 wings in just 20 minutes , earning $ 22,000 prize for that competition .