turkish court imposed blocks as images of siege shared on social media . images ` deeply upset ' wife and children of hostage mehmet selim kiraz . prosecutor , 46 , died in hospital after hostages stormed a courthouse . two of his captors were killed when security forces took back the building .
warning : graphic content - deborah fuller dragged her one-year-old dog behind her car for 400 metres at a speed of around 30mph . animal was left with wounds to paws and elbow and grazes on his stomach . fuller , a breeder , failed to quickly take the animal to vet which could have reduced the ` unnecessary suffering ' of the rhodesian ridgeback . she was banned from keeping animals for five years and given a curfew .
after scoring a try on friday night , david pocock gestured in sign language to a friend . miranda devine mistook it for ` jazz hands ' , calling him a ` tosser ' on twitter . the rugby player gracefully corrected devine , who promptly apologised . social media went into a frenzy following the exchange .
saracens lost 13-9 to clermont at stade geoffroy-guichard on saturday . the sarries pack contained five english-qualified forwards . saracens ' millionaire chairman nigel wray wants the salary cap scrapped .
ipl 2015 to begin in kolkata on wednesday , april 8 . kolkata knight riders looking to retain the title they won last year . eighth edition of the tournament features eight teams and 60 matches . eoin morgan , ravi bopara and kevin pietersen lead english charge . final takes place at eden gardens in kolkata on sunday , may 24 .
man with bandages covering head robbed bank in new milton , hampshire . threatened staff before making off with a ` significant ' amount of money . police have arrested a man , 56 , from the town on suspicion of robbery .
robert durst was indicted wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in new orleans . grand jury charged durst with possession of a firearm by a felon , and possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug : 5 ounces of marijuana . on thursday he appeared in court to plead not guilty . durst , 71 , is wanted in california for the murder of his friend susan berman . berman , an author who formerly acted a media spokeswoman for durst , was shot in the head at her benedict canyon home in 2000 .
the project is hoped to open at the former arts centre , la llotja . friend and producer jaume roures of mediapro is leading the tribute . the museum follows allen 's vicky cristina barcelona , set in the city .
gloucester led 13-11 at half-time thanks to a billy meakes try . a charlie walker try and two nick evans penalties kept quins in the hunt . charlie sharples register another try for the cheery and whites . but two more evans three-pointers kept the home side in front . late tries from marland yarde and ollie lindsay-hague secured the win .
filmmaker rotates four stacked see-through plastic cups . he selects an afro hair type , a shirt and a pair of glasses . the video maker initially uploaded his creation to reddit . one user stated there are a total of 294 possible variations .
truck stopped by police this morning after travelling 200m across the uk . police sniffer dog team found five men hiding in tiny space inside . it is thought they had climbed on board in belgium before entering britain . comes days after illegal camp in calais , france was closed down .
gael monfils beat roger federer 6-4 , 7-6 at the monte carlo masters . the frenchman showed how good he can be in thrilling last-16 win . monfils now faces grigor dimitrov in the quarter-finals in monaco .
experts have warned hospitals not using standard treatment for sepsis . blood poisoning affects more than 100,000 britons a year and kills 37,000 . 10 % of patients at edinburgh royal infirmary ward given correct treatment . sepsis six involves blood tests to check for infection and monitoring urine .
prince harry to arrive in australia next monday ahead of four-week stay . will be australian soldiers in darwin , perth and sydney during trip . prince will observe elite sas soldiers , and indigenous norforce troops . the royal said to be excited for ` challenging and hectic ' schedule . the trip is the last of prince harry 's military career before he retires .
bafetimbi gomis scored a brace as swansea beat hull 3-1 on saturday . the french striker tops this week 's ea sports ' performance index . charlie austin takes second place after qpr 's 4-1 win against west brom . eden hazard , alexis sancez and ander herrera also feature in the top 10 . click here for all the latest premier league news .
eden hazard scored the only goal as chelsea beat manchester united . leonardo ulloa struck as leicester city claimed vital win over swansea . everton beat burnley at goodison park with aaron lennon starring . craig gardner scored to help west brom win at crystal palace . stoke city won against southampton , with philipp wollscheid starring .
chris ramsey has overseen just one victory since he was appointed permanent manager in february . west ham 's sam allardyce and bournemouth 's eddie howe have both been linked with ramsey 's job in the summer . qpr face west ham at loftus road on saturday . click here for the latest queens park rangers news .
nasa scientists in california reveal new images of dwarf planet ceres . they show new views of the two brightest spots in a crater . however , scientists are still not able to explain what they are . dawn will begin its first science orbit around ceres on 23 april .
last month , the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant oklahoma . officials determined at least four people hospitalized with the bacteria drank milkshakes that contained blue bell ice cream , three of whom later died . the disease primarily affects pregnant women , newborns , older adults and people with weakened immune systems .
peter , 8 , wrote a letter to michelle obama criticizing her health guidelines for school lunches at public schools . peter 's father said the letter submitted to the weekly standard took six-months to write because peter was ` too angry ' to write it in one sitting . peter thinks president obama needs to work on his speeches and that the united states should bomb syria .
sienna miller , 33 , is ` not a gym person ' but loves yoga . mother-of-one works with a personal trainer , power-walking and jogging . try hip rolls , a pilates move that targets the ` oblique ' abdominal muscles .
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 on saturday to move four points clear in second . but chief executive ivan gazidis is ` not happy ' to miss out on title again . gazidis fears arsenal may struggle to make champions league in future .
eduardo vargas has been ruled out for 10-12 weeks with knee injury . chilean ace vargas will miss the rest of the premier league season . vargas picked up the injury during saturday 's win against west brom . scans revealed he sustained a grade two medial collateral ligament injury .
myuran sukumaran 's friend ben quilty says he will face his execution with ` strength and dignity ' . ` myuran always said to me he would never take this lying down ... that he would stare them down , ' the artist said . sukumaran and chan have selected ` spiritual advisers ' to accompany them on their final journey . both men refused to sign their execution warrants three days before their execution , saying that the process was unjust . as his final request , chan has asked for a final church service with his family . sukumaran has also requested as much time as possible to paint . the men have both nominated spiritual witnesses to their execution .
two australian drug traffickers on death row in indonesia have had legal bids rejected . the men were seeking to challenge president widodo 's decision to refuse clemency in their cases . andrew chan and myuran sukumaran are members of the " bali nine " drug syndicate .
west ham 's on-loan barcelona ace has picked his fantasy football xi . cameroon midfielder has picked a whopping nine barcelona players . carlos kameni and rigobert song are the only two non barca players .
disgruntled flyers have taken to social media to shame feral passengers . the photographs show people with less than desirable habits on planes . images are submitted anonymously by passengers and flight attendants . the images were posted on an instagram account passenger shaming .
johnny manziel was spotted at a texas rangers game tuesday night just days after leaving rehab and was drinking water all night . he entered a facility on january 28 and stayed for an extended period . this after manziel 's partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last july , with some worried about his drinking . he is now set to begin offseason workouts with the cleveland browns on monday . manziel will be forced to compete with josh mccown for the starting quarterback position , who just signed a $ 14 million contract with the team .
thiago alcantara scored bayern munich 's first goal in 6-1 win over porto . spanish midfielder dictated the game with precise passing from deep . one commentator said : ` thiago might well be the most technically-gifted central midfielder who has ever played for bayern . . thiago followed pep guardiola from barcelona to bayern munich . manchester united made an ultimately fruitless effort to sign the midfielder .
seb larsson banned for sunderland following yellow card vs newcastle . jack rodwell will return for black cats following hamstring injury . joe ledley to be given chance by crystal palace to prove fitness . mile jedinak set to be included for eagles following four-match ban .
the light dragoons have been based at robertson barracks , swanton morley , for the past 15 years . more than 4,000 people , including school children , lined the streets to say farewell to the reconnaissance unit . the regiment are packing up and moving some 200 miles to their new home in catterick , north yorkshire . their commanding officer said it would be ' a strain to leave ' after putting down ` deep roots ' in norfolk .
flight from kansas city , missouri to denver , colorado , was diverted friday . landed at colorado springs at 7.30 am - beginning six-hour ordeal . after three hours passengers could go - but would have had to pay for new connecting flights and transport . during long wait airplane ran low on water , food and bathroom supplies . airline has denied it was feasible to get passengers off the flight .
wesley burton , a father-of-three and popular radio host at kpfa in berkeley , california , was killed in a hit-and-run on saturday . he was driving home from work when a white dodge charger crashed into his silver mercury . wife lucrecia has made an emotional plea for anyone with information about her husband 's killer to come forward . burton had three children aged between 4 and 9 and after growing up without a father his dream had been to raise his own kids .
gupta is in kathmandu to cover the aftermath of deadly earthquake . the hospitals are so overstretched that he was asked to perform brain surgery on a teenager who had been crushed by a wall in the quake . he said the girl is now doing well - but she is just one of many victims . 4,352 people are believed to have died , including at least four americans , and more than 6,000 suffered injuries .
one of only seven commissioned by ministry of technology in 1967 to visit factories promoting new technologies . owned by transport trust until 1975 then sat in essex field in for 14 years until rescued by former owner in somerset . ollie halls and emma giffard bought it in 2005 for just # 1,200 and spent # 35,000 and five years on total restoration . since then it has toured the country showing vintage footage and even starred in tv and radio programmes . re-united with lost trailer after 23 years thanks to call ` out of the blue ' - which had been being used as a wood shop . now on sale on ebay for # 120,000 as parents no longer have time to run the cinema which has ` taken over our lives ' .
calling himself ` volcano ' rapper is a 31-year-old from war-torn benghazi . he is seen standing in front of weapons of war and burning buildings . he poses with fighters and even carries a massive assault rifle himself . video shows volcano performing on benghazi 's rubble-strewn streets .
the deadly h5n2 bird flu virus has been found at a farm in northwest iowa . up to 5.3 million hens must be destroyed in the state to contain outbreak . seven other midwestern states have also been hit by the deadly virus . minnesota , the top turkey-producing state has been severally effected . nearly 7.8 million turkeys and chickens have died or been culled since march .
anyone ` inciting ' extreme thinness faces prison and fines of up to # 7,000 . new law voted through by mps to prevent the ` vicious circle of anorexia ' . condition affects 40,000 people in france and has very high mortality rate .
wei tingting , wang man , zheng churan , li tingting and wu rongrong freed . they 're still considered suspects in an ongoing criminal investigation , may face charges in the future . they will be under surveillance for a year with their movements and activities restricted .
bird watchers photographed the rare bird near british raf base at akrotiri on the island 's south coast . the last recorded sighting of a black flamingo was in israel in 2014 . dark colouring thought to be caused by genetic irregularity where it can generate more melanin than usual .
gianni van , now 45 , is accused of kidnapping and brutally killing his then girlfriend 's accused rapist while in college in southern california in 1995 . norma esparza , who went on to work as a psychology professor in france , was accused in the murder along with three others . esparza , now the mother of a little girl , was expected to testify against her former boyfriend in a santa ana courtroom this month .
warning : graphic content . traditional chinese medicine claims to cure all sorts of ailments including back ache , poor memory and cancer . markets in guangzhou stock exotic and rare animals destined for restaurant menus , pharmacists and pet cages . but beliefs drive # 13billion illegal wildlife network , the world 's third-largest elicit trade behind arms and drugs . network of fledgling organisations are now challenging centuries of tradition in bid to change consumer appetites .
widow of slain bell gardens mayor lyvette crespo pleaded not guilty and was ordered held on $ 150,000 bond . the 43-year-old told authorities it was in self-defense after her husband punched their teenage son when he tried to intervene in the fight . her former brother-in-law claims that allegations of years of abuse are all a lie and says he has text messages proving the slaying was in cold blood . crespo faces up to 21 years in state prison if convicted .
daisy goodwin has had problems with head lice since she was 19 . she says she 's suffered with the itchy parasites at least 100 times . a nit is the egg sac laid by female lice on human hair shafts .
the crashed plane was a cessna 414 , national transportation safety board reports . coach torrey ward , administrator aaron leetch among the 7 killed in the crash . the plane crashed while coming back from the ncaa title game in indianapolis .
body discovered in pontypridd property identified as tracey woodford , 47 . she is thought to have been attacked in woodland before being taken to flat . she was ` liked and loved by all ' and would ` help anyone ' , family said . man named locally as christopher may , 50 , charged over the murder .
medics say the driver was fortunate to still be alive given severity of crash . his jeans were left on the underside of the car in southam , warwickshire . firefighters spent 25 minutes trying to free the man trapped under the car . the man , who was thought to be in his 20s , was then air lifted to hospital .
danielle davis of savannah , georgia looked to her faith after her husband brian nearly died seven months after they were married in 2011 . doctors encouraged her to pull the plug but she refused and brian was eventually able to go home in her care . three years of brian 's memories were wiped and he 's challenged by everyday task but continues to improve with danielle 's help .
manchester united signed a # 750million , 10-year kit deal with adidas . but the old trafford club will have to wear old nike kit on us tour . united are expected to stage a 12-day tour of the us west coast . there is no buy-out agreement in nike 's current deal which ends in july .
debris landed on paula viccica 's property in west pittston , pennsylvania . she said she saw bits of paper falling from the sky for several minutes . homeowner believes the debris came from a plane flying overhead . she filed a complaint with the federal aviation administration . paula said she wants an assurance ` that it does not pose a danger ' .
mark wood part of the england squad flying to the caribbean . alastair cook 's side to play three test matches against west indies . at 5ft 11in and 12st , he is not the size of traditional fast bowler .
17-year-old gave birth in shoe factory in china - then went back to work . baby was ` icy cold ' when he was found by cleaner , then taken to hospital . teenager kept pregnancy a secret because she was scared of her parents . her father said : ` my daughter is not married . .
tyecka evans , 28 , charged with manslaughter in death of 3-month-old taliya richardson . evans initially lied that she fell asleep at home and woke up to discover her daughter with plastic bag over her face . florida mother of two later admitted she went to a club with her sister , leaving three children home alone for nearly two hours .
jack wilshere played full 90 minutes as arsenal under 21s beat stoke 4-1 . midfielder is targeting return after recovering from ankle injury . england international has been on the sidelines since november . he believes he can play a part in arsenal 's season-defining games . wilshere is on manchester city 's summer shopping list .
summer robertson , 21 , drowned after being overcome by strong waves . she had been completing a 10-week volunteering course in south africa . four months on , her parents sarah and john have paid tribute to her . they say they take great comfort knowing she died doing something she loved .
barcelona 's brazilian forward neymar has not scored since february 15 . however , luis enrique is not concerned by the frontman 's drought . barcelona players trained on tuesday and remain on course for the treble . read : xavi still has vital role to play for barcelona , insists luis enrique . click here for all the latest barcelona news .
surveillance video shows a sound transit link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in south seattle . all of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path . luckily the driver survived and was taken to hospital with only minor injuries . the incident occurred just after 11am on monday where the rail tracks intersect at 7150 martin luther king way south .
william and kate are turning anmer hall into a secluded fortress home . couple want informal , away-from-the-cameras upbringing for their children . anmer is set to become their principal residence over the next few years . royal aides confirmed the cambridges will head to anmer after the birth .
west ham are currently top of the fair play rankings in the premier league . should they finish there at the end of the season , they could qualify for the europa league next term . sam allardyce is well aware of the benefits of being able to offer european football to players in the transfer market . allardyce led bolton wanderers to uefa cup qualification in 2005 .
a man killed in a raid in the philippines in january was a " most wanted " terrorist , the fbi says . marwan was a malaysian believed to have provided support to islamist terror groups . 44 elite philippine commandos were killed in the raid on his hideout last month .
natalie prescott , 26 , had to be flown to intensive care by air ambulance . she plunged 40 feet off appley bridge quarry , near wigan . teenager miracle godson , 13 , drowned in same area on friday . mum-of-three vows to have area closed after learning of drowning .
michelle gent , 50 , directed and starred in violent bondage and porn movies . former lib dem councillor used local party hq to hold auditions for films . her film 's titles include the exorcist chronicles and rise of the 4th reich . violent films feature women covered in fake blood using whips and knives .
sherrell dillion starred on the hit tv series benefits street . as an aspiring model she has landed herself a place in a top competition . but sherrell is still struggling as she has recently been made homeless . the mother-of-two was removed from her house due to mice .
japanese cookery programme miniature space is set in a a tiny kitchen . videos demonstrate how to make different foods in miniature form . petite kitchen equipped with mini spatula , tongs and knives .
europa league semi-final draw : napoli vs dnipro , sevilla vs fiorentina . last-four ties to be played on may 7 and may 14 . final takes place at national stadium in warsaw on may 27 .
milano had pumped while on plane . travelers are asked to carry only what they need .
robert blecker : in sentencing phase , the prosecution lays out wealth of evidence that dzhokhar tsarnaev deserves penalty reserved for the worst of the worst . he predicts most of the jury will vote for a death sentence , but it must be unanimous ; therefore , tsarnaev will most likely get life in prison .
brazilian national rodrigo gularte , 42 , was a paranoid schizophrenic . he did not understand he was being executed until his final moments . gularte was shot by a firing squad alongside australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran and five other death row inmates . gularte spent seven of his 11 years in prison on nusakambangan . he was arrested in 2004 for attempting to smuggle six kilograms of cocaine into indonesia hidden inside a surfboard .
workers carry heavy planks and wheelbarrows full of concrete across wooden walkway thousands of feet in the air . men , who are just one step from death , have no ropes or safety harnesses and only hard hats to cushion their fall . officials in pingjiang county , hunan province , hope the path will attract thousands of tourists when it is complete .
several january signings have failed to impress in the premier league . chelsea winger juan cuardrado has barely played since fiorentina move . wilfried bony has scored one goal after leaving swansea for man city . qpr tried to send mauro zarate back to west ham before he flopped . callum mcmanaman has failed to show his wigan form at west brom . benfica 's filip djuricic has struggled with injuries at southampton .
putin said on saturday that the countries need to work on common agenda . he said us and russia are working towards same efforts of making the world order more democratic . putin 's latest remarks come two days after saying us wanted ` not allies , but vassals ' .
shaquille omar hallisey attacked matthew leeke in queen street , cardiff . the 20-year-old 's victim was walking home when the assault took place . he pleaded guilty to wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm . judge describes attack in june 2014 as ` savage demonstration of violence ' .
werder bremen defeated hamburg sv 1-0 in the bundesliga on sunday . bruno labbadia has returned as coach to save hamburg from relegation . wolfsburg meet schalke 04 in the later game on sunday .
a study published in tuesday 's journal of the american medical association revealed the figures . almost 30 million health records nationwide were involved in criminal theft , malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years . compromised information included patients ' names , home addresses , ages , illnesses , test results or social security numbers . most involved electronic data and theft , including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives . cyber-security experts say thieves may try to use patients ' personal information to fraudulently obtain medical services .
investigator recommends removing pornography from army base stores . said soldiers did n't realize salacious shoot not ` in harmony with our values ' . utah national guard officer sacked after allowing risqué video to be shot . emails from within 19th special forces unit show attempts to remove references to their involvement with hot shots bikini models . scantily clad women used army tank , helicopter and truck as props . after video made public , soldiers blamed ` uptight mormons ' for outrage .
james was practicing at td garden in boston , massachusetts , on saturday . he made the shot by effortlessly flicking basketball at hoop 94 feet away . just before the shot hit nothing but net , james said : ` give me my money ! ' . dwight howard of houston rockets issued a response video later in day . cleveland cavaliers are playing nba playoff game vs celtics on sunday .
chelsea entertain manchester united in the premier league on saturday . chelsea boss jose mourinho and united manager louis van gaal are pals . pair enjoyed a successful relationship together at barcelona in the 1990s . mourinho has since won trophies in portugal , england , italy and spain .
steven mathieson , 38 , stabbed 23-year-old escort luciana maurer 44 times . as she lay dead on the floor , he raped two other prostitutes at family home . crimes occurred while his partner was out and son was asleep in bedroom . mathieson , who was high on cocaine at the time , now faces life in prison .
ben affleck has apologized after he demanded information about a slave-owning relative be withheld from a pbs show about his ancestry . as dailymail.com first revealed , producers agreed to the actor 's demand and cut the segment from the program . i did n't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves . . pbs has launched an internal investigation into whether or not finding your roots violated their editorial standards by allowing this request .
the 34-year-old singer made the initial comments on loose women . argued that ` unhealthy lifestyles ' should not be ` facilitated ' . star faced bitter twitter backlash , then appeared on good morning britain . back on loose women this afternoon , she clarified her views . janet street porter and her other co-stars leapt to her defence .
calbuco volcano in southern chile - which has been dormant for 40 years - erupted without warning on wednesday . a second terrifying eruption yesterday has now forced over 4,000 to flee in aftermath of the ` apocalypse-like ' event . footage of the eruption has revealed a strange pair of white lights floating perilously close to the ash cloud .
injured chelsea striker diego costa is expected to be out for two weeks . he could return in time to face arsenal in the premier league run-in . spain striker limped off just 11 minutes into appearance against stoke city .
the south african comedian , whose announcement as jon stewart 's replacement surprized many , was spotted at citi field on monday . he was spotted enjoying the mets taking on the philadelphia phillies in the company of jerry seinfeld , larry david and matthew broadrick . noah 's very public appearance with new york jewish comedy royalty comes not long after he was accused of anti-semitism . he and seinfeld were also photographed filming a segment for seinfeld 's acclaimed comedians in cars getting coffee online series .
in july 2010 , joyce bruce got pregnant in an unusual way -- with repeated attempts using a turkey baster . the man who gave her his sperm wanted to have a role in his son 's life . they ended up in court , and he has won joint custody and visitation rights .
andreas lubitz crashed germanwings flight 9525 into the french alps , killing himself as well as the other 149 people on board the flight . it has since emerged lubitz had been treated for psychiatric illness . news has triggered a debate over whether airlines should have mandatory access to all pilots ' medical records , to try and prevent a similar tragedy . carissa veliz is a philosophy graduate from oxford university and is writing her dissertation on the subject of privacy .
eight guards at nauru detention centre have been suspended . they posted ` anti-islamic ' messages on social media and were pictured with pauline hanson at a recent reclaim australia rally . the men contravened a policy that they display ` cultural sensitivity ' .
ridley stays in the afc east after signing a one-year deal with the jets . the running back joins a revamped offense including fellow free agency acquisitions brandon marshall and ryan fitzpatrick . he had a career-high year in 2012 but played just six games last season after a tear to his right acl .
the company says it is seeking to " redefine sexy " . victoria 's secret was criticized for its " perfect body " campaign .
manchester united 4-2 manchester city : click here for the match report . louis van gaal is in with a shout of winning manager of the year . chelsea 's jose mourinho and southampton 's ronald koeman are too . sean dyche could be in if he saves burnley from relegation . adrian durham : man city must think big or forever remain small .
manchester city defeated west ham 2-1 in their premier league clash . david silva was taken to hospital after a challenge by chiekhou kouyate . spain international has allayed fans ' fears with a twitter message .
uss theodore roosevelt and uss normandy left persian gulf on sunday and are steaming through the arabian sea and heading towards yemen . they will join seven other us vessels that are prepared to block iranian ships potentially carrying weapons for houthi rebels fighting in yemen .
ian rogers has spent hundreds of pounds on his collection of nine dolls . the dolls are said to be haunted with the spirits of dead people . he says each doll has their own unique story . he used to share them with his sister but she found them too mischievous .
jason dufner and amanda married in 2012 . divorce settlement states there had been an ` irretrievable breakdown of the marriage ' . amanda will receive $ 2.5 m as part of the settlement while jason will keep two houses .
kenneth morgan stancil iii ` walked into wayne county community college in north carolina on monday and shot dead print shop director ron lane ' . he was arrested in florida and will be extradited back to north carolina . lane , 44 , had supervised him under a work-study program at the print shop but stancil , 20 , was dismissed last month for absenteeism . in court on tuesday , stancil said he ` ridded one last child molester from the earth ' ; he said lane had sexually assaulted one of stancil 's relatives . but stancil 's mother said it was not true and that her son is ` rattled ' . police are investigating the killing of lane as a possible hate crime . stancil lists ` white power ' as his interests on facebook and has white supremacist tattoos , including an ' 88 ' to signify ` heil hitler ' .
katie price 's husband kieran hayler cheated on her twice . the former stripped slept with two of her best friends . it has today been reported that she still checks his phone . sam bailey , a friend of katie 's , says star ` panics ' when he 's with women .
manchester city 's hopes of retaining the premier league title were dealt a hammer blow after a 2-1 defeat at crystal palace . vincent kompany and city players were visibly frustrated and the belgian even manhandled referee michael oliver . glenn murray and jason puncheon gave palace a 2-0 lead before yaya toure scored what proved to be a consolation for city . for the 16th league game this season , city fielded a starting line-up with no english outfield players .
renee bergeron , 38 , captures children with disabilities at their most confident for her superhero project . the washington-based photographer 's first subject was her son , apollo , who has a feeding tube in his stomach . she takes the photos free of charge to encourage families and to spread awareness .
nick scholfield is lined up to ride spring heeled in the grand national . the famous race takes place at aintree on april 11 . scholfield travels to ireland to sit on spring heeled on friday .
new orleans pelicans beat the san antonio spurs 108-103 on wednesday . oklahoma city thunder 's defeated minnesota timberwolves 138-113 . new orleans pipped thunder to eighth seed in the west via tiebreaker . brooklyn nets beat the orlando magic 138-113 in the eastern conference . indiana pacers lost 95-83 to the memphis grizzlies . results meant that brooklyn took the no 8 seed via the better tiebreaker .
for the most elite travellers , vacations are rarely planned far in advance . there is an an emphasis on travel ` experiences , ' which happen on a whim . a-list wedding and event planners from the us and uk share their stories .
stephen curry scored 27 points against the clippers to help his side to win . klay thompson also played key role in golden state warriors ' victory . eastern conference leaders atlanta hawks were beaten by detroit .
the singer was performing at the verizon theatre in dallas on saturday . told the stunned audience that ` bobbi is awake . . did n't elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking instead about her spirit . after , his sister tina wrote on facebook , ' [ bobbi ] woke up and is no longer on life support !!!!! . whitney houston 's family denies anything has changed , according to a source . bobbi kristina has been in a medically induced coma since january . bobby is reportedly at odds with the family of his deceased ex-wife whitney houston over how long to keep his daughter on life support .
alfred guy vuozzo , 46 , shot dead brent mcguigan and his son , brendon . he carried out shooting last august to avenge nine-year-old sister , cathy . cathy was killed in a car smash involving brent 's father , herbert , in 1970 . herbert given nine-month sentence for dangerous driving ; has since died . vuozzo , from prince edward island , said the sentence had ` haunted ' him . knew victims , who lived near montague , were not involved in fatal crash . defendant pleaded guilty to first - and second-degree murder in february . he was jailed for life on monday ; he is not eligible for parole for 35 years .
defector deploys balloons with " the interview " to north korea . lee min-bok says he finds the movie vulgar , but sends it anyway .
pep guardiola is set for contract negotiations at the end of the season . the former barcelona boss is out of contract in the summer of 2016 . board member jan-christian dreesen does not believe guardiola 's decision on a new contract will be influenced by money . bayern munich are 10 points clear at the top of the bundesliga .
kensington palace has revealed details of plans in place for royal birth . william will remain in norfolk and faces a two-hour hospital dash . kate , meanwhile , remains in london close to the lindo wing . the couple have thanked people ` around the world ' for good luck notes . also said that prince george is ` excited ' about the impending birth . the couple also say that they wo n't be hiring a second nanny .
tony blackburn claims disgraced entertainers ` tarnished ' his era of djs . bbc reeling from historic sex abuse claims against his former colleagues . broadcasters jimmy savile , dave lee travis and rolf harris among them . he 's outraged at how friend and fellow dj paul gambaccini was treated .
chelsea ellen bruck , 22 , was last seen in the early hours of october 26 in frenchtown township , michigan dressed as the batman villain poison ivy . police searched an area near a ford motor company plant in michigan . the sheriff 's office declined to discuss media reports that part of chelsea 's costume were found . she was last seen in the parking lot with dark-haired man at 3am . the party had to be shut down after numbers swelled from 500 to 800 people .
michelle filkins , 44 , of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering , larceny over $ 250 , and the malicious destruction of property . she was arrested on april 17 after owner mark conklin found her sitting in his summer home . a neighbor told police he saw filkins outside with items from the house and that she appeared to be having a yard sale or giving the items away . police are asking anyone who received items from the home - including a lamp and a painting - to return them .
torin lakeman , 19 , died in december last year with brother jacques , 20 . torin had bought ecstasy via dark web in order to ` have a good weekend ' . but pair took massive overdose and were found dead in pub in manchester . today coroner said he was ` frightened ' by use of dark web to buy drugs .
marc randazza : court upholds a trademark denial for asian-american band the slants on the grounds that name was disparaging . he says court is wrong : trademarks are commercial speech , protected by first amendment . .
us scientists used drug oxaliplatin to fire up cancer-killing immune cells . drug blocks ` b-cells ' that put a brake on body 's defences against cancer . there are currently few options in cases of aggressive prostate cancer .
liverpool 2-0 newcastle united : click here to read the match report . philippe coutinho starred in liverpool 's premier league win on monday . sportsmail 's jamie carragher feels coutinho is becoming their key man . liverpool boss brendan rodgers : we can still finish in the top four . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
in 1915 , 1.5 million armenians were killed by ottoman turks in what historians have described as the first genocide of the 20th century . obama refused to call the mass killings a ` genocide ' in official statement despite promising as a presidential candidate that he would . turkish officials furiously deny there was a genocide , and obama has shied away from offending the close u.s. ally . kim kardashian - who is armenian on her father 's side - has called the killings a genocide and says obama should too . kasdashian recently traveled to the country for the first time with her husband kanye west , sister khole and cousins kara and kourtni .
morrissey wrote a letter to australian retailer the just group . they own just jeans , dotti , portmans , jay jays , and peter alexander . the group have so far refused to stop selling controversial angora wool . singer to ask audience at sydney concert to sign petition against company . morrissey has also banned the sale of meat products at opera house . myer , david jones , sportsgirl among those who 've agreed to angora ban .
trevor duffy , a university of albany fraternity pledge who died during hazing last november , drank a 60-ounce bottle of vodka . this according to court papers filed by two students who were expelled after his death and wish to return to the college . duffy 's death came after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by zeta beta tau members at an off-campus home . 24 members of the underground fraternity were sanctioned by the university after the incident . an investigation determined members of the frat were guilty of drug , alcohol and student group violations . no one has been arrested in duffy 's death and albany police said their investigation is continuing . four other men were also treated for alcohol poisoning that night .
robbers may have taken advantage of a four-day holiday weekend . estimates of the value of the items taken rage from hundreds of thousands of pounds to 200 million pounds . the heist took place in a historic heart of london 's jewelry business .
dr mohammad ali jawad allegedly bragged about treatment of katie piper . patient claims he gave her vodka during an appointment at his surgery . accused of asking her to dance before touching the top of her breasts . the plastic surgeon who is currently in pakistan denies the allegations .
mandi l. walkley , 39 , and jacob m. austin , 52 , had been in the dungeness bay for one to two hours before the coast guard could rescue them . they both passed away from their injuries after being hospitalized . william d. kelley , 50 , was also rescued by the coast guard and has improved from critical to serious condition . weather was predicted to be stormy on saturday and an advisory had been issued on friday , according to the sheriff 's office . but friend dennis caines , who was kayaking with the group , said the weather had been calm earlier that day .
former missouri auditor tom schweich committed suicide on february 26 , as he was running for governor as a republican . new police reports released tuesday reveal schweich had contemplated suicide for years . just moments before he shot himself , schweich called associated press reporters to set up an interview about alleged anti-semitism in his party . the candidate learned that missouri gop chairman john hancock had told donors at a party that he was jewish . schweich was a practicing christian but has jewish heritage . schweich became upset and allegedly called an aide on the day of his death and said he had to either ` run as independent ' or ` kill himself ' .
graeme dott had to play three best-of-19-frame matches to qualify . he overcame ricky walden 10-8 in first-round crucible clash . but former world champion fears exhaustion will ruin his bid for 2015 title . meanwhile , john higgins impressed with a 10-5 victory over robert milkins .
mario gomez has been linked with a move to la liga giants barcelona . however gomez insists he would reject a transfer to the nou camp . the striker joined fiorentina in 2013 for a fee believed to be over # 17m .
hernandez was moved on wednesday to the maximum-security souza-baranowski correctional center in shirley , massachusetts . he had been at cedar junction prison in walpole since he was convicted april 15 of killing 27-year-old odin lloyd in 2013 . souza-baranowski is massachusetts ' newest and most advanced prison . hernandez 's cell will have a bunk , writing desk and stool , a combination sink and toilet and room for a tv , if he wants to spend $ 200 .
alena hughes , the wife of the florida postal worker who landed a gyrocopter on the lawn of the u.s. capitol says her husband is a patriot . doug hughes performed the risky stunt wednesday to protest campaign finance laws . the man has received support from the public and his wife says what he did was very brave .
heather mack is accused of murdering her mother and is in a bali prison . teenager is caring for her baby in cell shared with eight other prisoners . a minister paid her a personal visit today and offered her extra comforts . mack will get own room until she decides whether to give baby to a family .
labour has jumped to 35 % in the polls , up one point from last month . the tories remain stuck on 33 % , according to the pollsters ipsos mori . greens have pushed nick clegg 's lib dems into a humiliating fifth place . lib dems are on 7 % , the greens 8 % and nigel farage 's ukip 10 % .
wolfsburg are showing interest in manchester united 's javier hernandez . the german club have also considered edin dzeko at manchester city . united , meanwhile , have made a revised contract offer to andreas pereira . paris saint-germain are very interested in angel di maria and paul pogba . liverpool have been watching fiorentina goalkeeper norberto neto . nedum onouha is being tracked by west ham , stoke , everton and hull . burnley are among clubs monitoring newcastle loan star haris vuckic .
iron man-style arm and hand was built by laser expert patrick priebe . it fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer 's palm . in a video , the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches . gadget is powered by lithium-ion cells and can be ordered from mr priebe .
milos raonic had to pull out of tournament after sustaining foot injury . tomas berdych will face grigor dimitrov or gael monfils in next round . berdych is yet to lose a set this week following raonic 's injury .
terrill wayne newman is vying to become the next kentucky governor . on tuesday he legally changed his name to gatewood galbraith after a late local celebrity who bid five times for the title but never won enough votes . newman says he does n't expect to be elected but hopes the gesture will ` warm galbraith 's grave ' .
arsenal have shown an interest in liverpool forward raheem sterling . however sterling 's recent behaviour has troubled arsenal 's hierarchy . sterling has been caught smoking shisha and inhaling nitrous oxide . man city , man united and chelsea are monitoring sterling 's situation . read : real madrid are keen on signing sterling , says zinedine zidane . read : sterling pictured again with shisha pipe ... this time with jordan ibe .
rhiannon langley , from melbourne , is undergoing rhinoplasty in bangkok . the 24-year-old has 189,000 followers on instagram alone . she is sharing pictures and videos of her experience on social media . langley tells daily mail australia that reaction so far has been positive .
motor insurers direct line group put him under video surveillance . he was filmed meeting his friend clifford and pals in coffee shop . but the claimant argues footage proves he does not go far from home . lawyer says client ventures no further than a 1,350 ft radius from house . engineer tells how injuries from accident put an end to his active life .
us ambassador stephen mull apologised for james comey 's comments . comey , head of the fbi , wrote editorial opinion piece in washington post . it said : ` in their minds , the murderers and accomplices of germany , and poland , and hungary and so many other places did n't do something evil ' . mr mull said nazi germany alone bears responsibility for the holocaust .
fifteen baltimore police officers were injured monday night in clashes with rioters angry over the death of freddie gray . while most the officers appeared peaceful in their control of the crowds , one officer was pictured lobbing a rock back at rioters .
madelyn yensen , 94 , died five hours before husband marcus , 95 . salt lake city couple with three children lived in same house since 1949 . madelyn suffered seizure while holding her husband 's hand at his bedside . marcus later died of cardiac arrest , family said . couple met in 1940 when marcus took dance lesson from his future wife .
author alice dreger sent 45 angry tweets during her son 's sex ed lesson . could not believe michigan school was teaching abstinence only classes . ` the whole lesson here is " sex is part of a terrible lifestyle " , ' she fumed . principal coby fletcher denied the school has an ` abstinence only ' policy .
kendra moad of kearns , utah followed her grandfather out of the house friday morning and into the driveway . he did not see the 20-month-old toddler and ran her over as he pulled his truck up in the driveway to move the trash cans . this is now the fourth time since august that a child was accidentally run over and killed in their own driveway by a family member in utah . kendra suffered severe head trauma and was unconscious when workers arrived , and was pronounced dead shortly after at a nearby hospital . the grandfather is not facing any charges at this time , but the case remains under investigation .
study at maastricht university found access to drug lowered grade scores . those who could buy cannabis legally did 5 % worse across all courses . statistics were worst for maths students or those developing number skills . economists say more to be done to investigate the drug 's affect on society .
chief executive george whitesides says new spacecraft is nearly ready . he said it could begin test flights by the end of this year . its predecessor was destroyed in the mojave desert on 31 october 2014 . co-pilot michael alsbury was killed and pilot peter siebold was injured .
huge computer glitch prevented deals in stock exchanges across the world . bloomberg down for several hours just after trading began this morning . europe and asia thrown into chaos after server crashed in london office . and reports from inside the company say a spilt can of coke was to blame .
manchester united have six ex-players in champions league semi-finals . javier hernandez scored the winner for real madrid against atletico madrid . paul pogba , carlos tevez and patrice evra play for italian side juventus . cristiano ronaldo set up hernandez 's goal for real madrid on wednesday . barcelona 's gerard pique helped keep out paris saint-germain . hernandez was the hero for madrid but he will need to find a new home .
president barack obama 's spokesman refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling . ` the sense that we have is yes , that the talks continue to be productive and that progress is being made , ' he said . speculation was swirling wednesday that negotiators were on the verge of a breakthrough as the french foreign minister rushed back to switzerland . white house would n't talk about next steps if a deal could not be reached but admitted that a ` military option ' was on the table as well as sanctions .
boris johnson said he hopes to be considered for tory leadership after pm . but london mayor insisted position would not become vacant for 5 years . david cameron named mr johnson as one of three potential successors .
65 parmigiani watches given to fifa delegates at world cup in brazil . fifa ethics committee ordered the watch be given back . greg dyke did not give his back as he wanted to auction it for charity . dyke has now given the watch back with all 65 to be donated to charity .
group of vicars say coe schools should stop selecting pupils on faith . many christian schools give priority to those who regularly attend church . but vicars argue the system is open to abuse and oversubscribed schools may reject non-churchgoing families even though they may live nearby . clergymen said affluent parents were more likely to cheat the system by going to church just to get their children into a high-performing coe school .
the austrian skier worked with the team at red bull to create the multi-coloured skiing video . poles filled with biodegradable powder were positioned on an enhanced slope , which erupted as he went passed . it took six gopros , two phantom cameras and three red epic dragon cameras to capture the event .
row broke out between andrea trunfio , 36 , and mario bretti , 64 , last july . argument was over ownership of a new housing development in wiltshire . mr bretti said rival cut him off and then punched him through window . trunfio was handed a 12 month community order at magistrates ' court .
a cairns man faces court after giving his daughter medical cannabis oil . two-year-old daughter is suffering from a rare form of cancer . the 30-year-old father claims the effects of the cannabis were miraculous . he was arrested for administering the drug to his daughter . he has since set up a campaign to highlight his situation .
author margaret atwood dismissed katherine as an ` uneventful ' dresser . she says duchess of cambridge has n't lived up to fashion icon diana . miss atwood says kate is cautious when it comes to clothing .
jessica brown and husband zakk satterly were en route to hospital tuesday when they became stuck in standstill on the i-65 in louisville . the roads were closed for the presidential motorcade . brown went into labor , and a nurse , tonia vetter , quickly came to her aid . the baby was born ` quickly ' in the traffic . an ambulance was able to get through and transport them to hospital .
membership gives the icc jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed in palestinian territories since last june . israel and the united states opposed the move , which could open the door to war crimes investigations against israelis .
archives reveal list of drunkards banned from every pub in birmingham . were all put on the 1904 blacklist after convictions under inebriates act . list was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them booze . offenders were also ordered to work up to 21 days of ` hard labour ' .
mother must complete " treatment " before she can be extradited , maryland police say . mom told police son was with her in maryland , but he was found friday alone in woods . victim being treated for malnutrition , dehydration ; mother faces host of charges after extradition .
virgin australia launches complimentary food on all domestic flights . package will also include free checked baggage on all local flights . food and beverage service tailored to time of day and duration of journey . move also includes free checked baggage on all domestic flights .
firm to pay citizens advice # 7.75 m after incorrectly imposing exit fees . refunds for 40,000 customers affected in january 2013 and january 2014 . ofgem brands e.on ` absolutely unacceptable ' for failing to protect clients .
oriol romeu is on a season-long loan at stuttgart from chelsea . the spanish midfielder predicts the scores in saturday 's matches . romeu goes head-to-head with sportsmail 's martin keown .
dave heeley , 57 , completed the 156-mile marathon des sables on friday . the father-of-three known as ` blind dave ' is the first blind man to do so . he previously finished the seven magnificent marathons challenge in 2008 .
chelsea owner roman abramovich has bought a new # 17.1 m property . he has bought tel aviv 's varsano hotel to convert into his israeli home . the hotel is listed as a preserved building and covers 1,500 square metres .
margaret gretton , 46 , has been barred indefinitely from the profession . she was headteacher of burton joyce primary school in nottingham . she talked of ` bombs and blowing up the school ' in an asian accent . disciplinary panel concluded she ` exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race , as well as disability ' .
richard henyekane died in car accident in the early hours of tuesday . the former south africa striker was the only person to die in the crash . henyekane made nine appearances for south africa back in 2009 .
three-year-old accused of murder by the apartment block manager . xie hong feng had dropped her keys through the gap of the lift and floor . neighbour yang claims toddler pushed her - but there 's no other evidence .
fabian orellana was angered by sergio busquets ' time-wasting tactics . the celta vigo striker threw lump of turf towards the barca midfielder . orellana will now serve a one-match ban for his antics and will miss celta 's next game against grenada on wednesday .
the shibu inu puppy has the impromptu chat with a husky . begins vocalising with a yappy bark while the husky whines . american kennel club staff try to pacify the excited shibu inu . shibu inu runs in the air in an attempt to get closer to husky .
caroline wozniacki played tennis with us president barack obama as part of the #gimmegive campaign at the annual easter egg roll . the campaign aimed at promoting more active and healthy lifestyles among american people involved several celebrities . the event was broadcast on the popular american talk show live ! .
charlie bothuell , now 13 , was discovered in detroit basement last june . blanket , cereal box and a bowl of chicken bones were in room with him . on tuesday , charlie testified in court against his father and stepmother . said home was ` very terrible place to be ' where he was regularly beaten . claimed he was tormented with workouts and isolated from other kids . he attempted suicide in bid to escape abusive conditions , he told court . it is first time charlie has spoken publicly since he was found by police . hearing is meant to determine if there is enough evidence to send the youngster 's father and stepmother to trial for ` torture and child abuse ' .
a balanced diet can get harder to achieve around the holiday times . to keep healthy it 's important to maintain regular exercise . to burn off four mini easter eggs you 'll need to exercise for 40 minutes . a large easter bunny would have you on the squash court for 3 hours . those who eat hot cross buns would spend an hour hitting the pavement .
thomas set to be named as one of eight new referees for the 2015 season . the married mother-of-three has regularly officiated college games . thomas was the first woman to officiate an ncaa game in 2007 . she has also spent time in the nfl 's developmental program for officials .
law allows police to hold suspects for two years without charge or trial . government-appointed terror board can then decide to grant an extension . opponents and human rights groups said the bill was ` open to abuse ' and represents ' a giant step backwards for human rights ' . law has been introduced to combat the growing threat of isis in malaysia .
manuel pellegrini believes his youth players are not ready for the first-team . his homegrown quote will be depleted when frank lamapard leaves . pellegrini may lose james milner , forcing him to invest in home talent .
77-year-old wrote letters from his bed at ashworth hospital in merseyside . hopes ukip will ` decimate ' the other political parties in general election . branded david dimbleby an ` establishment dumpling ' in the rant . murdered five children in 1960s and buried bodies on saddleworth moor . he hopes that ukip will ` decimate ' the other political parties in the general election , describing david cameron 's views as ` the usual mob-pleasing pr drivel expected from such bovines ' . . the political leaders are unworthy of ` even being assassinated ' . . voters must choose between ` public school millionaires ' or a ` refugee , privileged german jew ' - an offensive and inaccurate reference to ed miliband , whose belgian father fled the nazis . . after ` half-a-century 's imprisonment ' , he believes most professional criminals are tory voters . . branded question time ` for the dumb ' with the ` same old party hacks ' and labelled host david dimbleby an ` establishment dumpling ' . . claims he does not like the bbc and stopped reading newspapers in 1998 - instead getting his information from al jazeera . .
shiraz nawaz felt lucky to be alive after the flames shot out the manhole . the fire erupted just moments after he walked over it in the busy street . incredibly no-one was hurt in the incident after nawaz evacuated the area .
javier hernandez scored twice to keep real madrid in touching distance of la liga leaders barcelona . chicharito is scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of lionel messi . real went a goal down in the opening minutes following a surprise goal from celta vigo 's nolito . toni kroos equalised for the visitors and hernandez doubled real 's scoring with a goal in the 24th minute . although the home side levelled four minutes later the tie was put to bed after goals from james rodriguez and another from hernandez .
stephen a. smith said floyd mayweather jr 's boxing career should be looked at as separate from his domestic violence history . mayweather has been convicted twice for domestic violence in the past . smith said that people are ` lumping all of this other stuff that floyd mayweather allegedly has done ' , which sheds a bad light on him . co-anchor cari champion said she has ` an issue with how he treats women period outside the ring ' . smith said she holds that position because she 's a woman and that as a boxing fan , he looks at ` two dudes strictly in the boxing ring ' .
police seized rafi , 10 , and dvora , 6 , in a maryland park on sunday and their parents say they were n't reunited by cps for hours . scientists danielle and alexander meitiv believe in ` free range parenting ' meaning the children are afforded total independence from infancy . the meitivs were found guilty of neglect in march . .
rachael bishop , 19 , at first pleaded with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the lynnwood , washington store . but as he ignored her and reached into the till she punched him in the head multiple times . he punched her back and stole $ 280 but she still chased after him . other people saw bishop tailing the robber and followed , helping police arrest the man - who was a wanted felon for forgery . bishop said she loves her bosses and fighting back was ` just a reaction ' .
charlie adam stunned the premier league with a goal from his own half . stoke midfielder struck the equaliser in a 2-1 defeat at chelsea . david beckham and xabi alonso have also hit famous wonder-strikes .
anonymous instagram account called chef jacques lamerde is poking fun at high-end dining . pictures feature artistically arranged funk food , such as dunk-a-roos and cheez whiz . the account has over 18,000 followers . pictures are elaborately captioned : ` featuring a palate cleansing shot of fermented lake michigan water ' .
poland 's cities are tourism favourites - but its lake district is less known . wigry national park , in the north-east , is one of poland 's prettiest areas . encompassing part of the masurian lakes , it is great for family breaks .
sarah hulbert claims she was treated differently from her male co-workers during her time as an executive assistant at bates college in lewiston . hulbert claims that bates president a. clayton spencer expected her to jog , play tennis , and watch chick flicks . a bates spokesman said in a statement that ` the college strongly disagrees with the allegations ' and will defend itself in court .
transport for london are removing ` are you beach body ready ? ' . tfl say protein world has come to end of three-week ad placement period . a rally has been organised against protein world in hyde park on may 2 .
lishan wang was charged with murder in the shooting of dr. vajinder toor outside his home in april 2010 . in 2010 wang was originally ruled incompetent , but he was restored to competency after being treated at connecticut valley hospital . a second evaluation was ordered earlier this year after the public defender 's office asked the court to terminate wang 's self-representation . mental health experts said wang displayed ` paranoid thinking ' . they said he was ` guarded and suspicious ' when discussing a relationship with court-appointed lawyers . wang , who represented himself at the hearing , is due back in court in may .
mexican archaeologist found mercury in chamber of teotihuacan pyramid . the chamber had been sealed at the end of a tunnel for nearly 1,800 years . because of the potential supernatural significance of liquid mercury in rituals , archaeologist sergio gomez hopes to find king 's tomb in pyramid . teotihuacan , or ` abode of the gods ' in the aztec language of nahuatl , was distinct from the mayan civilization .
dnipro beat brugge 1-0 in ukraine to earn place in europa league last four . yevhen shakhov scored the tie 's only goal in the 82nd minute on thursday . the first leg between the two sides finished goalless in belgium last week .
rangers winger david templeton is full of praise for the impact of new boss stuart mccall . he feels that the new regime is far better than that under ally mccoist and kenny mcdowall . templeton has singled out a new-found intensity and more astute tactics as reasons behind the recent upturn in fortunes at ibrox . rangers go into saturday 's game with championship title-winners hearts off the back of two consecutive wins .
luca railton was born with leg bones missing due to a medical condition . in february 2014 , doctors said he would need to have his leg amputated . but his family raised # 135k to take him to the us for surgery instead . now , he is able to walk unaided and is happy he can wear skinny jeans .
some 1,500 migrants were rescued by coast guards in 24 hours . the migrants were picked up from five boats in the mediterranean . arrivals are up 43 per cent this year versus same period in 2014 .
the holborn fire broke out on wednesday just 500 metres from the vault . raiders entered the hatton garden vault some time over the weekend . an alarm sounded on good friday , but the vault was not checked . former flying squad chief john o'connor believes there could be a link .
models abbey and lily are joined by alice dellal and singer foxes . the women are pictured ` wearing ' their support . abbey , 29 , says she is proud to be part of a campaign that funds vital work . campaign has raised # 13.5 m for breakthrough breast cancer 's research .
jonathon keats , experimental philosopher , plans to photo holyoke range . he hopes pinhole camera will capture the gradual environmental changes in the mountains near amherst college . camera , which is filled with paint , will create image showing 1,000 years .
chef q cooked a slap-up feast for floyd mayweather and adrien broner . each plate costs the boxer anything between $ 1,000 and $ 3,000 . bbq chicken , potatoes and rice were some of the foods cooked . mayweather takes on manny pacquiao at the mgm in las vegas on may 2 . gordon ramsay offered ringside seats in exchange for post-match meal . floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao tickets sell out within 60 seconds . read : mayweather has earned over $ 400m and here 's how he spends it . click here for all the latest floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao news .
former arsenal star ellen white scored brilliantly against her old team . two county players appeared to mess up free kick , before white scored . but white also missed a penalty as arsenal equalised .
wada director general david howman said he was disappointed the disgraced former cyclist had n't yet apologised for drug offences . lance armstrong showed 2013 email chain attempting to meet howman . howman broke off the email discussions after advice from lawyers . armstrong was stripped of seven tour de france wins from 1999-2005 .
bogan shire council in nsw is planning a statue to honour its namesake . it would depict a ` bloke ' in shorts and singlet carrying a rod and tuckerbox . mayor ray donald said the statue could have tourism benefits . would join the trend for ` big ' things in country towns . existing icons include the big merino , the big banana and the big pineapple .
gofundme told daily mail online ` that after review , the campaign set up for officer slager was removed due to a violation of terms & conditions ' . fundraising site indiegogo allowed the ` michael t. slager support fund ' to raise $ 393 of a $ 5,000 goal at 11am on thursday . an indiegogo spokesperson said : ` we do n't judge the content of campaigns as long as they are in compliance with our terms of use ' .
automated planet finder in california found planets around hd 7924 . planets orbit the star at a distance closer than mercury orbits the sun . scientists say automating the search for alien life could be beneficial . ` it 's like owning a driverless car that goes planet shopping ' they said .
hong kong banker alleged murder case adjourned until may . the 29-year-old rurik jutting is accused of killing two indonesian domestic workers .
lib dem leader warns three or four-party coalition ` is not going to work ' . raises prospect of lib dems entering government with labour or tories . experts warn hung parliament could send financial markets into turmoil .
japan 's kei nishikori emerged triumphant from second-round encounter . he beat his russian challenger in straight sets of 6-3 6-4 in barcelona . rafael nadal 's first match will be against fellow spaniard nicolas almagro .
robin van persie , adnan januzaj , jonny evans , tyler blackett , james wilson and rafael all started for man united . man united first team stars januzaj and rafael sustained injuries during the 1-1 draw at the king power stadium . van persie boosted his chances of starting against everton on sunday by playing 62 minutes of under 21 encounter . both goals came during the first half as sean goss cancelled out leicester forward harry panayiotou 's opener .
southampton have dropped out of the premier league top six . ronald koeman has pinpointed his team 's struggle to hit the net . he feels the problem is down to opponents having more respect for saints .
lewis hamilton and nico rosberg will renew their rivalry in bahrain . the mercedes pair had argued in the aftermath of the chinese grand prix . hamilton , though , has dismissed mind games and is focused on the next race .
ivana chubbuck , 62 , is known as the ` celebrity whisperer ' and hones talent . she 's a therapist and acting coach and runs a drama school in los angeles . chubbuck counts beyoncé , eva mendes and brad pitt among her clients .
charlene wall jeffs , 58 , is one of a reported nine wives of lyle jeffs . the couple married in 1983 and have 10 children together . he stepped up to lead the fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter-day saints when brother warren jeffs was sentenced to prison in 2007 . mrs jeffs says she spent years in exile before being banished last year . alleged the church only allow a group of men called ` seed bearers ' to impregnate women , and the husbands stand by holding their wife 's hand . mrs jeffs is fighting for custody of two of her children .
andrew anderson was accused of forcing julie mcgoldrick to the floor . fought over tv reduced from # 199 to # 99 at tesco store in manchester . frenzied scenes saw him grab tv before tesco workers pulled him away . 43-year-old had jumped queue and admitted he ` knew what i was in for ' .
advertising entrepreneur john singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house . the luxurious five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the pacific ocean . singleton bought 80 beach drive for a suburb record of $ 4.25 million in late 2007 . the exquisite design captures the quintessential australian beachside home .
greg dyke wants to increase the minimum number of homegrown players at premier league clubs from eight to 12 . fa chairman has been backed by ex-england bosses graham taylor , glenn hoddle , kevin keegan , sven-goran eriksson and steve mcclaren . rise of harry kane proves england can develop talented youngsters .
michael phelps won his first race back following six-month suspension . phelps was suspended by usa swimming for failing a drink-driving test . olympic champion won 100m butterfly at the arena pro swim series .
ilkay gundogan is seen as a successor to michael carrick in midfield . manchester united boss louis van gaal has been impressed by carrick . van gaal feels gundogan can replicate 33-year-old carrick 's displays .
teenager has burns to 55 % of his body after religiously motivated attack . muslims beat him and set him alight with kerosene because he is christian . attack follows taliban bombing which killed 17 in lahore church in march .
stunning tale came from white house domestic help who tended to the clintons ' every need during the 1990s . book published today is based on more than 100 interviews with ordinary non-political staff who ran america 's presidential mansion . one former head of the household staff said : they were about the most paranoid people i 'd ever seen in my life ' . another staff member said he was fired after he helped former first lady barbara bush with her computer because clintons feared he was gossiping . a third recalled listening as bill and hillary fought during the monica lewinsky saga , with hillary once calling him a ` g * ddamn b * stard ' .
joao teixeira will miss brighton 's last three games of the season . the portuguese starlet sustained broken leg in 0-0 draw with huddersfield . liverpool 's teixeira joined brighton on season-long loan deal in august .
kyle naughton ruled out for six weeks with ankle ligament damage . david meyler was sent off the tackle and will serve a suspension . angel rangel could replace naughton for their home game versus everton . click here for all the latest swansea news .
alexander kutner travelled with his sky presenter mum , kay burley . they stayed at the ulusaba reserve in south africa 's sabi sands . the stay at cliff lodge had luxury furnishings , soft sheets and a chef .
corrina skorpenske , from pittsburgh , pennsylvania , took to facebook to publicly shame the person who left a cruel note on her daughter 's car . the anonymous critic accused ohio state university student harley jo of taking away a handicap spot from ` actual disabled people ' .
rebecca francis ' photo with a giraffe was shared by ricky gervais . francis was threatened on twitter for the picture . francis , a hunter , said the giraffe was " close to death " and became food for locals .
strikes by french air traffic controllers will affect thousands of brits today . new border control checks may also mean major delays for holidaymakers . ba , easyjet , flybe and ryanair among airlines forced to cancel flights . three days of disruption start today at 5am and end on friday morning .
england suffered humiliation in the 50-over world cup this year . alex hales believes they would benefit from playing more t20 cricket . hales was talking at the launch of this season 's domestic t20 competition .
un 's international civil aviation organization ( icao ) reported ` significant safety concerns ' with thailand 's aviation safety . china , south korea and japan have banned any new charter flights . the country 's airlines now receive strict inspections in australia . thailand said it plans to inform countries about the status of its aviation safety and ` the solutions to fix the faults ... as soon as possible ' .
the evolo magazine awards were established in 2006 to recognise ` outstanding ideas for vertical living ' . a jury of experts chose three winners and awarded 15 others with honorable mentions from 480 global entries . first place went polish design team bomp for its essence skyscraper with a range of natural habitats . other entries include a skyscraper made from scraps and the cybertopia project that blurs the lines between digital and physical worlds .
presenters met with top gear executive producer andy wilman in london . came hours after mr wilman , a close friend of clarkson , quit the bbc . meeting fueled speculation that team will reunite to launch show with rival . james may says bbc should not attempt show with ` surrogate jeremy ' .
sarah grimes accused kristen saban , daughter of alabama football coach nick saban , of brutally beating her after a night of drinking in 2010 . in her suit , grimes said the sorority sisters were arguing over a boy when saban posted on facebook : ` no one likes sarah , yayyyyy ! . grimes claimed saban left her with a broken nose and a concussion . saban argued it was grimes who attacked her and left her bleeding . grimes ' lawsuit was set for trial in early august ; both women now will have to pay their own legal costs .
leicester have recorded three consecutive premier league wins . the latest , a 2-0 success over swansea , lifted them to 17th in the table . nigel pearson 's side are starting to dream of beating relegation . esteban cambiasso has been superb for the foxes this season . goalkeeper kasper schmeichel has also hit some timely form .
ss sergeant oskar groening , 93 , faces trial for being a guard at auschwitz . charged with 300,000 counts of accessory to murder in 2 months in 1944 . groening says he was at the camp but denies killing or torturing jews . survivors and relatives filed into court today as they waited for trial to start .
charlie chaplin , 35 , married his second wife lita grey in 1924 . divorced three years later with grey branding ex ` cruel and inhumane ' . salacious details of their married life revealed in 50 page legal document . divorce papers set to fetch # 15,000 when they go under the hammer .
thierry fremaux , director of cannes , aims to make red carpet selfie-free . said celebrities taking pictures of themselves slows entire event down . mr fremaux then added : ` you never look as ugly as you do in a selfie ' . stars featuring at 68th event include cate blanchett and michael caine .
tv chiefs have announced drama poldark will return for second season . about 8.1 million people on average tuned in to watch each episode . second series will be based on winston graham 's third and fourth books .
` avengers : age of ultron ' hits theaters may 1 . critic : movie does n't quite measure up to the original from 2012 .
secretary of state john kerry hits out at iran 's support of houthi fighters . but adds that washington is not looking for a confrontation with tehran . saudi-led coalition starts third week of air-strikes against rebels in yemen . pentagon has started daily aerial refuelling for warplanes in the coalition .
two russian companies have started offering unusual service this year . one message can cost as little as $ 6 , or # 4 , so it is a cost effective method . american fastfood chain posted an ` advert ' to its russian page this month . but critics have pointed out it is unlikely to have mass market appeal .
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao is now just nine days away . sportsmail 's jeff powell has been counting down the greatest fights . in the fourth of a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , we have george foreman v muhammad ali - the rumble in the jungle . it was a fight which astonished the satellite world on october 30 , 1974 . foreman v ali inspired movies and millions of words written about it .
the city of knox council made an ` administrative decision ' to kill izzy . an appeal to save the dog has begun in australia 's high court on tuesday . the staffordshire terrier bit a woman in august 2012 . she suffered a 1.5 cm cut but it was classed as a ` serious injury ' . council decided to destroy izzy during a council panel meeting . normally a magistrate decides whether a dog should be killed . the barristers animal welfare panel are fighting her case at no cost . if they win the council will have to pay legal fees . rspca sa offered to take izzy and assess her for rehabilitation .
it was a crucial holiday for the olympic gold medallist and husband harry . their stay would be their last getaway before the birth of their first child . the couple stayed in over-the-water bungalows at dubai 's anantara resort .
the organisation has classified over 100 resorts into ` risk ' categories . urges boycott of those considered to have ` high risk ' of corruption . among those listed to avoid is the popular conrad maldives rangali island .
rebels bikie gang boss alex vella has been stranded in malta since his visa was cancelled in june last year . the federal court ruled this week he is banned from returning to australia and the ` the maltese falcon ' has been ordered to pay court costs . millionaire businessman vella sold key rings and t-shirts to raise money for his court challenge . court documents claimed rebels engaged in drug dealing , extortion and kidnapping under vella .
lucas holds record of playing more liverpool games without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years . liverpool face aston villa in fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday . fa cup final next month could be steven gerrard 's last liverpool game .
zaur dadaev is accused of shooting the kremlin critic , close to red square . suspect had reportedly confessed to murder but later retracted statement . claims he was abducted , beaten and pressured into confessing to murder .
david seaman reveals that his save against sheffield united was his best . the former arsenal keeper somehow kept out paul peschisolido 's header . seaman has warned the gunners to be wary of underdogs reading . arsenal were given a torrid time by sheffield united back in 2003 . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
arsenal host top four rivals liverpool at the emirates on saturday . martin skrtel and steven gerrard are suspended for the pivotal clash . liverpool lost 2-1 to manchester united before the international break . arsenal , in third place , are six points ahead of liverpool in the league .
bernie ecclestone has urged lewis hamilton to consider a move to ferrari . the 30-year-old has yet to put pen to paper on new contract with mercedes . the brit will seek to to extend his 13-point lead at the bahrain grand prix .
nacer chadli opened the scoring with a left-footed strike from outside the box on the half-hour mark . jack colback equalised for the home side immediately after half-time after the ball fell kindly in the area . christian eriksen won spurs the lead back with the swede 's curling free-kick missing everyone . harry kane topped off a relatively quiet game with a runaway goal after regular time was up . newcastle have now lost six consecutive premier league matches under manager john carver . fans protested before and during the match against owner mike ashley 's perceived lack of ambition .
exeter is getting its own special edition of classic board game monopoly . but residents ca n't think of anywhere to fill low-rent spaces on the board . game-makers say they have never come across this issue in a city before . exeter council leader says there are no areas suitable to be old kent road .
luke tingey and kyran wiltshire to spend time at united 's carrington hq . tingey , 18 , became youtube sensation after stunning 40-yard free kick . wiltshire , a central midfielder , was involved in mk dons ' pre-season squad . united keen to bring in talented younger players to boost squad numbers ahead of next season 's uefa under-19 youth league competition . read : what has louis van gaal changed since man utd sacked moyes ? . read : manchester united gareth bale to give his side needed dynamism .
jake drage released after nine months in an indonesian prison . drage was jailed following a crash that killed a woman riding a motorbike . 23-year-old west australian man sang children 's songs as he was released . says one of the first things he 'll do is go surfing after getting back home .
jody marson is prison guard who had alleged affair with kieran loveridge . ms marson is from port macquarie on new south wales ' mid-north coast . the 30-year-old was suspended when alleged relationship was discovered . ms marson is a fitness enthusiastic who competes in ironwoman events . loveridge is serving 12 years for killing thomas king in sydney in 2012 . he was moved to goulburn supermax prison when he assaulted an inmate .
tom colicchio : " the meatrix : relaunched " is an important benchmark of the evolution of sustainable food movement . but factory farms continued to reap large profits while producing subpar meat , polluting nature and damaging our health . colicchio : we need to ask members of congress to promote sustainable farming .
mamamia used a photo of wilson on a story about orthorexia nervosa . the i quit sugar author and wellness blogger complained to the website . they have apologised and removed her photo from the story . ` the choice of images originally used to illustrate this story were n't ideal , ' mamamia said . wilson was pictured alongside controversial blogger belle gibson . paleo preacher pete evans 's photo was also used in the article . in 2013 mamamia 's founder mia freedman called wilson ` obsessed ' .
kevin sinfield has announced he is leaving leeds at the end of the season . the 34-year-old will cross codes to join sister club yorkshire carnegie . sinfield has won six super league titles , three world club challenges and one challenge cup with the rhinos .
andy burnham says labour would enforce the premier league to invest an estimtated # 400million into grassroots football with the new tv deal . the shadow health secretary accused prime minister david cameron of not fulfilling his promises of investing and improving grassroots . labour 's sports spokesman clive efford promised to get tough .
a ceremony was held on boylston street on tuesday morning to mark two years since the april 15 , 2013 bombings . the family of eight-year-old martin richard , the youngest victim to lose his life , helped unveil commemorative banners at the site . jeff bauman , who lost both his legs , also walked along the street on his prosthetic legs with his wife erin and their baby daughter nora . he also greeted carlos arredondo , who helped save his life . a moment of silence was also held at 2.49 pm to mark the first of the explosions , which killed three people and left more than 260 injured .
san antonio spurs players take part in spuran spuran music video . the nba champions perform single ` spurs ! ' . kawhi leonard , matt bonner , patty mills and aron baynes all teamed up . spurs are third in the western conference with the play-offs approaching .
original lyrics to u.s. pop anthem american pie up for auction tuesday . unidentified bidder won the 16-page document for $ 1.2 million . the manuscript includes a deleted verse about music being ` reborn ' . .
anna foord sold low grade diamonds at hugely inflated prices , court is told . part of gang who sold coloured diamonds in # 1.5 million ` boiler room ' scam . foord , 30 , was found guilty of conspiracy to defraud and money laundering . another gang member was found guilty while three others admitted similar charges .
warning comes from the london eye hospital in harley street . comes after rise in patients previously given poor information or care . said laser eye surgeons are presently only required to be registered as doctors - and no specialist qualifications are legally required .
australian marc leishman , who got so close to victory in 2013 , had to withdraw to be with his sick wife . masters chairman billy payne talked a lot about growing the game but he ruled out any idea of starting a women 's masters . arnold palmer , clad in his green jacket , was snapped under the oak tree in front of the clubhouse alongside niall horan . jack nicklaus showed he 's still got it at the age of 75 with a hole-in-one in the par-3 , but he could n't match camilo villegas who recorded two .
stefano pioli is enjoying the success but remains focused on results . pioli 's men reached their eighth coppa italia final with a win over napoli . third-placed lazio are a point behind roma in second with nine serie a games remaining .
stana , 37 , has been on the hit series castle for nearly six years . she wed over the weekend in the dalmatian coast in croatia . the new husband and wife shared a photo of their wedding rings . she has been dating brkljac for several years but was only spotted with him once in 2012 .
max muggeridge reeled in a four metre tiger shark at the weekend . he was fishing with girlfriend at tweed heads in nsw . the gold coast man described the catch as the best moment of his life . after a three hour battle with the monster max released the shark . he believes it could have been a world record but did n't get measurements .
manchester united could still sign radamel falcao permanently . chief executive ed woodward held talks with monaco on sunday . woodward told monaco the club would make decision at end of the season . under the terms of the loan , united would have to pay # 43.5 m for striker . monaco are willing to negotiate fee however after falcao 's poor loan spell . falcao has managed just four league goals for united this term . monaco manager leonardo jardim believes falcao can rediscover his form .
julia ware was driving before crash in paupack township , pennsylvania . chevy suburban rolled over several times during deadly august accident . three passengers ryan lesher , shamus digney , and cullen keffer were 15 . ware accepted responsibility for three homicide by vehicle felony counts . pleasantville , new york , girl also admitted to two misdemeanor charges . father faces charges for allegedly letting his daughter have keys to suv .
right-wing groups want court to let them sue the irs in a class-action lawsuit for violating their constitutional right to equal treatment . irs applied different criteria to right-wing groups , holding up their applications for years while liberal organizations skated through . obama administration fought the release of a list of 298 groups it denied tax-exempt status beginning in 2010 , citing privacy concerns . judge in cincinnati overruled the government and ordered the irs to hand over the list . if court ` certifies ' class-action status , the tea party groups will be free to demand emails , phone records and other documents .
harry dowd played a key role in fa cup triumph over leicester city . dowd continued working as a plumber during his professional career . the former keeper scored for city , playing outfield after breaking his thumb .
barcelona beat getafe 6-0 at the nou camp on tuesday night . lionel messi and luis suarez both scored twice , while neymar also struck . the front three have now scored more than 100 goals this season .
craig and bonnie morgan are desperate to keep son craig at prep school . from hastings in east sussex , they are sending him to battle abbey . fees of # 4,000 mean selling their terraced house and trying crowd-funding . claim ` academically gifted ' craig was n't being stretched at state primary .
ashley white , 30 , and paul thomas , 32 , charged with child abuse and neglect . couple 's son , noah thomas , 5 , from dublin , virginia , was last seen alive march 22 . mother went back to sleep , child was missing at 10am when she woke up . after fbi search , noah 's body was found in septic tank on family 's property five days later . thomas and white 's 6-month-old daughter was removed from home a day later .
aaron cresswell gave west ham united an early lead with a stunning 25-yard free kick on seven minutes . hosts were denied all three points after marko arnautovic equalised for stoke city in the 95th minute . arnautovic had earlier seen two goals disallowed for offside during the upton park encounter .
the queen was pictured on her annual visit to newbury 's opening . her richard hannon-trained two-year-old ring of truth went close to a win . the 7-1 shot was making her debut in the al basti equiworld maiden stakes .
superior court judge m. marc kelly handed kevin jonas rojano-nieto a 10-year sentence . the mandatory sentence rojano-nieto should have received was 25-years to life . the state of california has said that it will appeal judge kelly 's decision .
chad geyen of ramsey , minnesota was found dead on sunday of a self-inflicted gunshot wound . the married father of two had been reported missing on saturday . he was set to stand trial monday on five counts of first-degree and two counts of second-degree criminal sexual conduct . six boys claim they were sexually abused by the man hundreds of times starting when some were as young as 5-years-old . one of the boys was even taken in by geyen as a foster child . the hennepin county medical examiner 's office is set to release further details about geyen 's death later this week .
a pilot was flying a short flight from oenpelli to jabiru , northern territory . on board the flight last year were the pilot , two adults and three children . the pilot reported the children on board were excited and a little disruptive . the passenger seated in the front seat coughed through the headset . the pilot says this distracted him as he forgot to lower the landing gear . report also found the pilot was ` relatively new ' to the cessna 310 aircraft . there were no injuries but the aircraft was substantially damaged .
phil blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour . posted the mocked-up image advertising a cheap drinks night on facebook . 32-year-old was found guilty of insulting religion despite apologising .
the leaked memo was written by apple 's retail chief angela ahrendts . she said she expects online orders ` to continue through the month of may ' . and added it had not been an easy decision and would provide more updates as the firm gets ` closer to in-store availability ' .
town planners have allowed two costa cafes less than 500 yards apart . two coffee shops in windsor will be just a short walk away from each other . and there is even a costa express in between the two new outlets .
zoe hadley , 19 , was found dead in a hotel in putney , south west london . teenager had been battling an undiagnosed illness since she was 13 . her parents , a leading solicitor and a gp , struggled to treat her condition . inquest heard how she refused to accept she had mental health problems . for confidential support on suicide matters in the uk , call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here . .
marilyn zuniga , third grade teacher at forest street school in orange , new jersey , suspended without pay . she had her students write letters to former black panther mumia abu-jamal who was hospitalized at schuykill medical center in pennsylvania . zuniga had the cards delivered and they made mumia ` chuckle and smile ' . critics say they ` promote a twisted agenda glorifying murder and hatred ' . school district said zuniga did not speak with parents or ask permission . mumia is serving a life sentence after years of appeals won him a reprieve from his death sentence in 2012 .
danny lennon was named interim scotland under 21 manager last month . lennon won his only game in charge , a 2-1 win against hungary . sfa announced lennon 's departure in a statement on tuesday . former st mirren boss lennon looks set to take over at alloa athletic .
steph curry made 94 out of his 100 attempts during the practice session . golden state warriors sit top of the western conference standings . warriors host denver nuggets in regular season finale on wednesday .
barcelona have one foot in last four after beating paris saint-germain 3-1 . luis suarez scored a double and neymar was on target in convincing win . laurent blanc made no excuses for his side 's defeat on wednesday . psg travel to barcelona for the return leg on march 21 .
bill would require all new dryers to be no louder than 84 decibels . state senator says the ` air knife ' elicited episodes in his autistic son .
tammy abraham scored twice against manchester city on monday . dominic solanke was also on target in the fa youth cup final first leg . the chelsea duo have been in brilliant form so far this season . both will be hoping to earn some playing time if chelsea clinch the title . solanke could be involved against arsenal at the emirates on sunday .
middlesbrough started the day top of the championship on 75 points . troy deeney opened the score before odion ighalo 's brilliant strike . watford end the day in third place after bournemouth and norwich win .
coutinho hit the only goal of the game as liverpool beat blackburn . they will meet aston villa in the semi-finals a week on sunday . liverpool skipper henderson had not slept the night before the game as his wife gave birth to his second daughter . boss brendan rodgers revealed henderson had no thoughts about missing the match . ` he said to me , " boss , as soon as the baby 's out , i 'll be coming back " , ' rodgers explained .
sergio ramos opened the scoring for real madrid in the first half at the bernabeu . cristiano ronaldo then hit the post with a penalty before james rodriguez nets . juanmi pulled one back for malaga but ronaldo scored late on to secure the win . gareth bale and luka modric go off injured for real madrid .
blackburn face liverpool in the fa cup quarter-final replay on wednesday . tom cairney has sympathy for raheem sterling over his contract . sterling rejected a # 100,000-a-week new deal at anfield .
patient came to ipswich hospital after industrial accident in july 2012 . pioneering professor ninian peckitt performed surgery but was needed again when patient fell from hospital bed and his cheekbone was displaced . colleague told to hold patient 's head as he applied ten punches like a boxer . hearing heard the patient could have been blinded by force of the blows . professor quit post days later and is now believed to be working in dubai .
kendra spears , 26 , has given birth to her first child , a son named irfan . the baby , whose father is prince rahim aga khan , was born in geneva . ms spears , now known as princess salwa , is said to be doing well .
prime minister and tv star karren brady announced new apprenticeships . baroness brady was pictured during event helping the pm with his jacket . pair were announcing 16,000 more training positions for young people .
rebecca eldemire and larry tipton , 27 , were found dead in her bedroom in oxford , ohio on feb. 1 after her roommates heard loud bangs . a coroner 's report revealed tuesday eldemire was shot at ` intermediate ' range and there were no signs of struggle . the night before , eldemire had called oxford police to ask for protection when he arrived at the apartment and police stopped him in the parking lot . she instructed the officers to accompany them to her apartment but after talking , she asked them to leave and they did .
roberto martinez likens burnley to his former side wigan athletic . sean dyche 's men are currently in the bottom three but are playing well . martinez described wigan as fearless ahead of their clash on saturday . click here for all the latest everton news .
worldwide , 42 million children under the age of 5 are overweight or obese . british heart foundation survey shows two thirds of parents feel badgered by their children each week to buy junk food after seeing it advertised . weight loss expert dr sally norton backed calls for ban on tv ads . and criticised coca cola 's sponsorship of the london eye attraction .
tories returned donation from beatrice tollman , founder of hotel chain . she had previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax before the charges were dismissed by a judge . but on same day husband stanley tollman pleaded guilty to tax evasion .
edinson cavani struggled in both legs for psg against barcelona . uruguayan striker 's scoring record in ligue 1 is n't what it should be . louis van gaal prefers to work with young talent and cavani is 28 . radamel falcao has struggled at manchester united after signing on loan . cavani says he wants to stay at psg and he may not have much choice . van gaal identifies ilkay gundogan as replacement for michael carrick .
a court in cairo has sentenced the former leader over abuses of protesters . but he was cleared of charges that would have seen him face death penalty . 14 others convicted on same charges with most also sentenced to 20 years . defence lawyers said they would launch an appeal against the convictions .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao face off in las vegas on may 2 . joe calzaghe believes mayweather 's unbeaten record is a burden . despite that , the welshman thinks mayweather will beat his opponent . read : ricky hatton gives his prediction to jeff powell ahead of the fight . read : floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao tickets finally go on sale .
harry met james freedman , who has his own one-man pickpocket show . performer advises police and teaches people how not to be victims of theft . in astonishing demonstration , he shows how quickly a thief can rob you .
the dogs called sky , sadie and marshall each stand in the front room . springer spaniel begins barking before husky turns song into howl . third dog joins in with the song and the three dogs howl even louder . before owner interrupts them and they stop and stare at him in surprise .
a video of the game , filmed at chilifest in snook , texas , was posted onto social media site vine . the clip shows the unidentified girl , believed to be a student at texas a&m university in college station winning the game by showing a ` rock ' .
andrew ` drew ' butler , 25 , allegedly shot mother-of-three kendra gonzalez . he was in passenger seat while pair were driving in san jose , california . dragged her body out of the car and left it lying on the street . butler told the children to get out , drove off and abandoned them .
shortly after being presented with his green jacket , new masters champion jordan spieth gave 25 interviews over the course of 24 hours in new york . then , despite his fatigue , the 21-year-old flew to south carolina to keep a promise and play in the heritage tournament - his fourth event in a row . by contrast , players on the european tour have not shown the same sort of unwavering commitment to the sport . ian poulter , henrik stenson and sergio garcia have decided not to play at the bmw pga championship being staged at wentworth next month .
grimes cottage is a heritage-listed 1830s colonial georgian residence with three storeys and six bedrooms . one of the oldest surviving homes in sydney - the 185-year-old house was built by whaling captain george grimes . less than 10 minutes walk to the city 's centre - the property boasts sydney harbour bridge views . only one of two freestanding properties in nsw goverment 's social housing portfolio earmarked to be sold in area . the 50 argyle place property is situated in the much sought after postcode of millers point .
richie sambora is about to be quizzed by police over claims he ` threatened to kill ' his former fashion designer lover and business partner . she is a childhood friend of kim kardashian . police in the wealthy los angeles suburb of calabasas confirmed sambora is a ` person of interest ' in an active investigation into criminal threats . their joint venture collapsed at the last moment and nikki went out on her own . rock star is believed to be on vacation in bora bora with his ex-wife heather locklear and daughter ava .
aussie the dog saved the lives of his owners kai , seven , and sophie , 10 . he stepped into a puddle that was live with electrical current in the aftermath of the wild nsw storms at caves beach , near lake macquarie . the cattle dog puppy is being remembered as a hero by the family .
eerie earthflow was captured in the kemerovo region of russia . it left a wide path of destruction , toppling pylons and crushing trees . earthflows can vary in speed from barely detectable to 12 mph ( 20km/h ) . they are a form of landslide where fine soil or sand becomes waterlogged .
former 2day fm host mel greig penned an open note to the media . greig became infamous in 2012 when she was involved in a prank with her co-host which resulted in the suicide of a nurse in london two days later . ` have we not learnt enough from the royal prank call ? ' . she asks the media to be sensible when covering the birth of baby # 2 . greig speaks of being on the receiving end of aggressive journalists and says that there are certain lines that should never be crossed .
rory mcilory was joined on the course by niall horan for par-3 contest . the one direction star suffered an embarrassing slip while carrying mcilroy 's clubs during the round on wednesday . mcilroy shot a one-under-par round to finish in a tie for 16th .
ryan wray , 26 , charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse . usu pi kappa alpha chapter suspended operations after wray 's arrest . the 2013-14 president was suspended by fraternity after allegations . wray faces up to 15 years in prison and could be disciplined by school . incidents allegedly occurred between last october and wray 's march arrest .
kim howe 's stepchildren are said to have ` lawyered up ' following her death . mrs howe , 69 , died after being involved in a crash with the reality tv star . thought she has no living blood relatives so stepchildren have only claim . attorneys : ` sky 's the limit ' for pay out in a successful wrongful death suit .
book by robert streeter and robert hoehn republished from 1930s . originally designed to discover clever people by posing hard questions .
photographer atif saeed crept to within ten feet of the hungry male lion . fearless mr saeed left the safety of his car to sit on the ground for the shot . as soon as the camera captured the image , mr saeed had to flee for his life . the lion charged at the intrepid photographer as he closed the car 's door .
hospital gowns have gotten a face-lift with help from fashion designers such as diane von furstenberg . what patients wear needs to be comfortable yet allow health professionals access during exams . patient satisfaction is linked to the size of medicare payments hospitals get .
reddit launched its r/thebutton thread on april fool 's day . it is accompanied by a timer that counts down from 60 seconds . when the button is clicked , the timer resets and the person who pressed it is given a colour that signifies how long they left it before pressing . it is not known what will happen if the timer drops to zero .
pope calls mass murder of armenians ` first genocide of the 20th century ' . the 1915 killings saw 1.5 m armenians slaughtered by ottoman turks . turkey said pope francis ' comments had caused a ` problem of trust ' . turkey denies killings were genocide , saying both sides suffered loss .
tom daley won bronze in the men 's 10m platform at the 2012 olympics . firework dive is a forward three-and-a-half somersaults with one twist pike . daley won silver with the plunge at the world diving series last month . daley 's main aim this year is to win gold at the world championships .
leigh griffiths is making the right sort of noise with celtic . as a youngster griffiths had his fair share of controversy . then celtic manager neil lennon took a gamble signing him last year . griffiths has been a real success for the bhoys since - most notably scoring 14 goals in his last 17 games .
the exotic driving experience park lets racing fans drive top-end cars . gary terry , 36 , died in the crash and was on the passengers side . tavon watson , 24-year-old hotel bellhop , was driving and was taken to hospital for treatment . day at the racetrack was a gift from watson 's wife for his birthday . disney world spokesman said driver ` lost control ' of the lamborghini . family friend said working at disney attraction was a ` dream job ' for terry , a former race car driver from michigan .
widow of a patient who died has defended gp at the centre of police probe . yvonne deegan 's husband bernie died this year following cancer battle . she said she was ` perfectly happy ' with the care provided by dr rory lyons . her husband 's death is one of four being investigated as part of probe .
the curious canine kitchen is a ` holistic restaurant for four-legged friends ' . for # 20 per dog , your pet will be treated to a slap-up five-course set menu . all proceeds will be donated to amazon cares , a street dogs charity .
steven naismith has worked with the likes of job centre plus , dyslexia scotland and the whitechapel centre in liverpool . 28-year-old has given back to communities that have supported him . everton forward teamed up with job centre plus to offer unemployed fans the opportunity to watch the club this season .
lobster pound and moore in nova scotia had announced ban on loud kids . parents criticized decision and began giving the restaurant 1-star reviews . owner changed policy after ` hate and threats ' against him and his family . restaurateur said he should have said ` lil diners having a moment ' and not used the word ` screaming ' in heartfelt apology .
dan klice , 57 , was hit by soaring projectile ` after a gust of wind ' . tried to dodge it , but fell , leaving his heel exposed when javelin struck . he was judging a contest at ramapo college , mahwah , new jersey .
barway edwin collins , 10 , went missing from his crystal , minnesota apartment complex march 18 after school . on saturday , searchers from boy scout troop found a body ten feet from mississippi river 's edge which was identified as barway . crystal police chief said electronic evidence shows boy 's father pierre collins , 33 , was in area where body was found at time he disappeared . hennepin county medical examiner said the cause and manner of barway 's death are still being investigated . mr collins was arrested monday on suspicion of second-degree murde .
conman who inspired spielberg film says personal details no longer safe . frank abagnale , with fbi for 35 years , says ids have already been stolen . fraud expert calls level of theft ` unimaginable ' in the technological age .
aston villa drew 3-3 with qpr in their premier league clash on monday . belgium striker christian benteke scored a hat-trick for the villans . robert green was embarrassed by a nutmeg from a cheeky ball boy .
researchers from the university of patras , in greece created the algorithm . determines a person 's state of intoxication by their facial temperature . analysing the forehead and nose gives an accuracy rate of 90 per cent . experts say system could one day be used by the police , and even in cars .
harold henthorn is charged with murdering his second wife and being investigated over the similar death of his first wife . he has demanded that he gets access to the $ 1.5 million life insurance payout from his second wife 's death to fund his defense . prosecutors are opposing move to access the funds .
novak djokovic beats rafael nadal 6-3 6-3 in monte carlo . serbian world no 1 will face tomas berdych in the final .
adidas go app uses the phone 's accelerometer to monitor the user 's stride . it then automatically plays tracks with matching beats per minute . songs are also selected based on the runner 's musical interests . these selections become more relevant the more the app is used .
iceland has become an increasingly popular filming location recently . christopher nolan 's interstellar was shot atop the svinafellsjokull glacier . europe 's most powerful waterfall , dettifoss , was featured in prometheus . game of thrones producers opted to film at thingvellir national park . warning : story contains spoilers for series four of game of thrones .
cnn investigation uncovers the business inside a human smuggling ring . 10 % discount offered for every referral of another paying migrant , desperate to reach europe .
walton canonry has view of salisbury cathedral enjoyed by john constable while taking studies for famous painting . 300-year-old home with six bedrooms and views of salisbury cathedral and avon has gone on the market for # 7million . constable painting salisbury cathedral from the meadows was bought by the tate for # 23.1 million in 2013 .
atletico madrid drew 0-0 with real madrid in first leg at vicente calderon . mandzukic was battered and bruised during the quarter-final match . the atletico striker came to blows with sergio ramos and dani carvajal . diego simeone says mandzukic should be fit for wednesday 's second leg .
kira hollis , 27 , weighed just 6st and was deemed clinically underweight . she was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago . doctors ordered ms hollis , from tamworth , to start going to the gym . she reveals bodybuilding gave her confidence to overcome depression .
doctors , teachers and psychologists being trained to cope with rising tide . the exorcist film left cinema audiences green more than 40 years ago . experts are teaching ordinary catholics how to recognise possession . course aims to help would-be exorcists distinguish demonic possession from psychological or medical conditions .
number and seriousness of australians facing death penalty in china is ` unprecedented ' . that 's according to a high-level ministerial briefing obtained by daily mail australia under freedom of information laws . many australians arrested were caught in guangzhou province - a production hub of the drug ` ice ' . as many as 11 were arrested in guangzhou alone in 2014 . a prominent jockey and four other citizens are known to be potentially facing death row , including kalynda davis 's former partner peter gardner . ms davis , 22 , was freed without charge in december after a month spent in a chinese prison . do you know more ? .
jamar nicholson , 15 , was shot in the back by officer miguel gutierrez on february 10 because his friend was holding a toy gun . nicholson and his friend jason huerta , 17 , are suing the city of los angeles for $ 20m . officer miguel gutierrez who shot nicholson has returned to duty but the incident is under investigation .
$ 250 ( # 168 ) neurio device claims to make ` an ordinary home smart ' . recognises the electronic signature of different devices , such as kettles . information is fed to an app to tell users their home 's energy consumption . app allows users to control appliances through their phone too .
ousman jatta married to wife beryl 13 years ago after meeting in gambia . couple lived in africa until 2006 when mrs jatta became ill with dementia and they moved to bristol . mr jatta took wife to care home in february when he went to africa . but he says bristol city council have not allowed her to return home .
kurt ludwigsen fired by nyack college in march after allegations surfaced . police say he kissed , fondled and was inappropriate towards 13 players . ludwigsen charged with forcible touching , harassment and sexual abuse . the 43-year-old father of two is being held on $ 15,000 bail after arrest . would have been coach 's first season at nyack , a christian school in ny . ludwigsen , a career softball coach , lives in ridgewood , new jersey .
a powerful storm capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta , and crews searched for at least four people missing in the waters . dauphin island mayor jeff collier said that at least one person was confirmed dead , but he did not know the cause . ` it 's been a very tragic day , ' michael smith , with the buccaneer yacht club . the identities of those who are dead and missing have not yet been revealed .
indian man , 41 , accused of posting insulting status about islamic prophet . allegedly told police he wrote the status after watching footage of iraq war . if found guilty he faces up to seven years in prison , a huge fine , or both .
cars forced to swerve to avoid street collapse in northampton today . emergency services acted quickly to seal off the residential road . witness describes it as ` something you would see in a disaster movie ' . hole appeared hours after woman fell through london pavement .
the 26-year-old mother was found sitting in her cubicle at ceva logistics in michigan with blood on her clothes . co-workers heard moaning and found blood all over bathroom stall . police arrived on the scene and discovered baby 's body stuffed inside mother 's bag beneath her desk . medical examiner will determine whether or not the baby was born alive .
a man dressed as the cookie monster in times square was arrested . ranulfo perez was accused of aggressively hugging a 16-year-old girl and then ` forcibly ' touching her breasts outside a toys r us store . but he was released and police said they would not be prosecuting because they could not be sure teenager had identified correct man . perez protested his innocence and said it ` could have been anyone ' .
daniel sturridge has dance-off with kop kids presenter paisley . liverpool striker shows off new dance move called ` feed the ducks ' . 25-year-old reveals his passion for music and dancing . read : sturridge fitness our main concern says liverpool boss rodgers . read : sturridge heads back to the us to see specialist .
it is 24 years to the day since paul gascoigne scored in the fa cup semi-final against arsenal . gascoigne struck a fierce 35-yard free-kick that beat david seaman . it was hailed as one of the best goals in wembley history , and that comment still applies .
england close day one of first test against west indies on 341 for five . ian bell , joe root and ben stokes all played well to lead the recovery . england 's top three were all dismissed cheaply to leave england in a hole . when england were 34 for three i received a lot of comments about my supposed motivational skills . . paul newman 's day one report from antigua .
matthew kenney , 34 , said he smoked flakka before he went streaking . was arrested on saturday after run through fort lauderdale , florida . drug is made from same version of stimulant used to produce bath salts . it causes euphoria , hallucinations , psychosis and superhuman strength . kenney has prior arrests and was hospitalized for a psychiatric evaluation .
warning graphic content . police in brazil found frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs at the restaurant . chinese owner van ruilonc admitted making pasties out of stray canines . dog meat would be sold to unwitting customers at the fast food outlet .
kevin coulton , 16 , from manchester stuck his mouth in the rim of a glass . the schoolboy wanted to achieve a fuller pout like celebrity kylie jenner . but , like scores before him , he was left with painful bruising around lips . now he is warning peers not to take part in craze sweeping social media .
warning : graphic content . series of photos appear to show the beheading of a man in hama in syria . man is handcuffed and blindfolded as he is led from a van to area of land . he is surrounded by men with guns and executioner with a meat cleaver . it is claimed the man was beheaded because he is an alleged ` blasphemer ' .
kim bok-dong is determined to share her story of sexual slavery until she 's no longer physically able . kim was held prisoner by the japanese military in a " comfort station " for five years , raped ceaselessly . she says she wo n't rest until she receives a formal apology from the japanese government .
ruth ben-ghiat : italy 's colonial past plays a key role in the migrant humanitarian disaster in the mediterranean . she says african migrants still bound to histories of exploitation that shaped their home countries long after end of italian rule .
a qantas jet bound for perth has been forced to return to sydney airport after a safety light turned on mid-air . airbus a330 took off soon after 11am but was back on tarmac by 12.30 pm . after an indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors . engineers are inspecting aircraft but no evidence at this stage of a problem .
the world has been paying tribute to richie benaud , the ` voice of cricket ' . former australia captain and legendary cricket commentator died aged 84 . in november , benaud revealed he was being treated for skin cancer .
71-year-old tycoon used to live in texas and went by name of dorothy . clair schuler , who goes by the stage name cici ryder , said that when he met durst he was pretending to be a deaf , mute woman . said that durst was shy and never let anyone touch him or take photos . schuler said durst was a generous tipper and although there were some strange things about his nature he did not think of him as a threat .
donny ray williams on friday was given a suspended sentence and 5 years probation for two 2010 sexual assaults . prosecutors spared williams jail time largely because of his severe medical issues stemming from an unrelated 2013 acid attack . williams was once a staffer for the senate homeland security and government affairs disaster recovery subcommittees .
one died and three injured as plane crashes on motorway in germany . four-seater plane believed to have crashed shortly after take-off . plane came down between fence and a rail , just feet from passing cars .
billy-anne huxham was abducted from her caboolture home on tuesday . she was located on thursday night by police on aerodrome road . she was allegedly taken by 32-year-old ex-boyfriend carl garry chapman . chapman was reportedly carrying a firearm when he was apprehended . he has been charged with a string of offences including torture and assault . chapman , who was out on bail , is due to face the magistrate on saturday .
four offences allegedly committed against one girl aged 15 at time . 27-year-old answered bail at police station in county durham yesterday . sunderland star had previously had his bail extended for five weeks .
destroyer and support ship sent from bandar abbas , iran , to gulf of aden . military chiefs claim the move is to protect iranian shipping from piracy . saudi arabia is leading bombing campaign to oust iran-allied houthi which has taken most of yemen . us is stepping up weapons deliveries in support of the saudi-led coalition .
newcastle were denied a penalty against liverpool on monday night . ayoze perez was brought down by a rash challenge from dejan lovren . sky pundit gary neville has criticised the referee 's lack of action . the magpies went on to lose the game 2-0 at anfield .
lawrence phillips , 39 , was one of the nation 's top players for nebraska . he was jailed in 2005 and sentenced to 31 years at kern valley state prison . his cellmate damion soward , 37 , was found lifeless on saturday morning . soward was serving 82 years to life for first-degree murder .
groups such as california-based wings of rescue or south carolina-based pilots n paws , recruit pilots to volunteer their planes , fuel and time . the two non-profits say their concept has been a roaring success with the numbers increasing year-on-year . all dogs have to be spayed or neutered , microchipped and vaccinated before they take off . it 's reported that most pooches sleep in the air and do n't get sick .
video shows the planes approaching the runway at the same speed . the two aircraft maintain this as their wheels touch the tarmac . aviation expert calls the manoeuvre ` closely spaced parallel runway operations ' .
series of model letters drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages . tory candidates are told to praise teachers as ` the best we have ever had ' . women should be told they are ` vital to the success of the british economy ' . pensioners , meanwhile , are praised for their ` wealth of experience ' .
eden hazard and loic remy hit the net as chelsea beat stoke 2-1 . charlie adam hit the net from 66 yards for stoke to level the scores . the moment is one to forget for chelsea goalkeeper thibaut courtois .
dr christopher valentine 's colleague saw the pictures on his ipod touch . gallery of his pets contained an image of a semi-naked man , tribunal told . doctor was out with members of clydebank community addiction team . later revealed that he had used his ipod to take around 53 photos of at least two patients .
rose put himself in contention , ending the second day on seven under . it took a neat bit of psychology to rescue his round after a disastrous start . rose bogeyed three of the first four , finding himself playing from the trees . and that was where the magic pencil line came to his rescue .
charlotte watts , a nutritionist , says stress drains the body of nutrients . nutrient deficiencies shows up as things like spots on nails or cracked lips . she reveals seven signs of stress and what to eat to replenish the body .
31-year-old reportedly transferred to ashworth hospital , merseyside . move to high-security psychiatric unit comes after cregan refused food . killed two men before luring two officers to house with fake 999 call . fired 32 bullets at fiona bone and nicola hughes and threw a grenade .
roads out of kathmandu are damaged but passable . even close to the capital , aid is taking forever to trickle through . east of the city , the village of ravi opi counts the cost of devastation .
dame maggie smith 's character may appear in american period drama . the guilded age was by julian fellowes and is based in new york . there may also be a plot for american-born cora in the u.s. show .
funeral for murdered school teacher stephanie scott was held outside eugowra in central-west nsw on wednesday . fiance aaron leeson-woolley sat between ms scott 's parents merrilyn and robert during the service . her sister kim , parents , and leeton high school vice captain grace green spoke at the funeral . hundreds of yellow balloons were released following her funeral service to the tune of ` home ' . earlier in the day people in eugowra and canowindra painted the town yellow with balloons and streamers .
peter morris was devastated when his sister , claire , died in a car crash . only a year before , she had married malcolm webster . he believed his sister had died in a tragic accident . it took two decades for the truth to be revealed . claire was murdered by webster so he could cash in on her life insurance . tried to do same to his second wife in 1999 - and was jailed in 2011 .
sally kohn : supreme court seems to have increasingly become a place for partisan theatrics . she says marriage equality arguments seemed even more shaped by politics than the law .
leighton baines and luke garbutt visit children 's hospital in liverpool . everton defenders hand out easter eggs to young patients and families . toffees face premier league clash against southampton on saturday .
the 79th masters tournament begins on thursday at augusta national . tiger woods and rory mcilroy are among the leading contenders . it has seen many shots which have gone down in golfing legend . seve ballesteros , phil mickelson and nick faldo all made history .
twisted sister 's 2016 tour will be its last . band will celebrate 40 years in 2016 . twisted sister drummer a.j. pero died in march .
dominique johnson , 19 , was arrested on wednesday and has been charged with conspiracy to commit armed robbery . she is the roommate and alleged girlfriend of jamyra gallmon , 21 , who last week was charged with first-degree murder . david messerschmitt , 30 , was stabbed to death on february 9 at the boutique donovan hotel in washington d.c. . gallmon has admitted to police that she set up the lawyer so that he was expecting to meet a man for gay sex at the hotel . when she attempted to rob him they got into a struggle and she pulled a knife from her pants and stabbed him repeatedly .
superyacht owners spare no expense when they throw extravagant parties . they will do whatever it takes to impress their celebrity guests . one owner had two tigers brought in so guests could pose for selfies . a load of fresh fruit and vegetables was flown from france to the maldives . three ` a-list ' musical acts were hired for a private party on a desert island .
the university of kentucky 's winning streak was brought to an end saturday night with a 71-64 loss to the university of wisconsin . the wisconsin badgers will now play duke for the ncaa tournament title monday night - their first final since 1941 . a crowd of more than a thousand gathered near uk 's lexington campus saturday night to mourn the loss . police in riot gear arrested 31 people at that gathering on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct .
the group were on a crabbing trip near anderson island , washington . they video two killer whales jumping from water at a safe distance . suddenly the pod get closer and swim underneath the small boat . video maker and friends panic and begin rowing back to shore .
luke brett moore overdrew $ 2 million he did not have from a bank account . the goulburn man was found guilty of exploiting the loophole in february . he spent money on buying a maserati , an alfa romeo and a power boat . police raided his home in december 2012 and he will be sentenced friday .
man raped his daughter repeatedly over four years from when she was 10 . he had ` poisoned ' youngster against her mother who did not live with them . his depravity was exposed when the girl became pregnant as a teenager . despite the abuse she told derby crown court she still loved her father . he was told to serve a minimum sentence of 15 years for horrific abuse .
manchester city lost 2-1 against crystal palace on monday night . gary neville : ` they 've got a mentality problem . . former manchester united and england defender neville on what is wrong with reigning champions city : ` this team can not sustain success ' . jamie carragher : yaya toure ducked out of his duties in the wall . click here for all the latest man city news .
police in paramus , new jersey , captured stray goat in middle of the road . authorities still working to find owner of goat , who is with animal control .
around 650 foreign runners took part in the annual north korea marathon . entrants were banned from taking photographs and under constant watch . but runners praised jovial atmosphere and even high-fived supporters . 10km event was won by american cable installation guy charles kobold .
shay given to start against liverpool in fa cup a day before he turns 39 . tim sherwood confirmed the news as he prepares for sunday 's semi-final . given has played in all four of aston villa 's fa cup matches this term .
paula dunican paid # 25 for the baby blue coat at her local branch of asda . when she took it home she noticed a ` seeping ' stain on the back of coat . she then discovered the reptile 's crushed body on the garment 's lining . the supermarket has apologised and offered her a # 40 voucher and refund .
gareth bale missed a one-on-one chance after just three minutes . raphael varane impressed with his pace and general reading of the game . mario mandzukic left bloodied after clashing with sergio ramos .
jerry grayson flew dozens of aircrafts during royal navy rescue missions . he was involved in 1979 fastnet yacht race rescue , saving 15 yachtsmen . mr grayson found most helicopters had been turned into museum pieces . but one , a wessex mark 1 , is now a glamping unit in ditchling , sussex .
unnamed worker was spotted on the roof of a house in south east london . appeared to only be using rope for safety while 30-feet above the ground . health and safety executive attended and stopped the work following concerns .
irish brothers barry and patrick lyttle hoping to return home soon . barry lyttle is still negotiating for a lesser charge . he allegedly struck his brother patrick during a night out on january 3 . patrick told reporters he had made a ` fantastic recovery ' on thursday . barry is negotiating with prosecutors for a lesser charge .
nigel farage is considering quitting smoking because of ` terrible ' back pain . ukip leader was n't ` firing on all cylinders ' at the start of election campaign . suffering from flare-up of spinal injury and been prescribed sleeping pills .
adam federici allowed alexis sanchez 's shot to squirm through his legs . his error meant arsenal advanced to the fa cup final after extra-time . reading boss steve clarke has backed his goalkeeper to get back on track . the royals face birmingham in the championship on wednesday night .
jayla currie , 23 , is part of the wee ones nursery program at the indiana women 's prison . the program allows incarcerated mothers to share rooms with their babies while they serve their sentences .
doctors at the university of arkansas for medical sciences found a 56-year-old man 's kidney problems stemmed from drinking too much iced tea . black tea contains oxalate , a chemical known to produce kidney stones and sometimes lead to kidney failure . the unidentified man will likely spend the rest of his life in dialysis .
aid organizations are still working to help the people of nepal in the wake of two major earthquakes . thousands were killed in a magnitude 7.8 earthquake in nepal on april 25 . a second quake rocked the country less than three weeks later .
felipe massa says he is performing as good as he was in 2008 . the brazilian challenged for the title seven years ago but finished 2nd . massa has enjoyed a storming start to the new formula one season . the williams driver sits 4th in the championship standings with 30 points .
qantas lounge 's ` smart casual ' dress code is now being enforced by staff . since april 1 staff can refuse entry to customers dressed incorrectly . customers have complained on social media after being turned away . many of them said they were refused entry because of their thongs . ` the dress guidelines for our lounges are the same as most restaurants and club , ' qantas say . but they refuse to define exactly what items are not allowed .
the weekend saw bbc 's fa cup coverage compete with sky 's premier league . it was a refreshing throwback to see the bbc 's use of archive footage . gary lineker remains one of the bbc 's prized assets and they must keep him .
the icc confirm mustafa kamal 's departure as president . kamal unhappy with umpires after india beat bangladesh at the world cup . there will be no immediate replacement for kamal .
selina dicker , 38 , from fulham , london , survived mount everest avalanche . climber ran for her life as a wall of snow and ice tore through base camp . she was in same group as google executive dan fredinburg who died . amanda holden 's said sister survived because she had altitude sickness .
police seized 20 kilograms of kava after pulling over an unregistered car . a 39-year-old man and a 26-year-old woman have been charged . police found the kava divided into 862 deal bags on sunday . they also found a small quantity of cannabis and four unrestrained kids . the pair will appear in katherine magistrates court on monday . kava is a depressant drug made from the root or stump of the kava shrub .
customers used to white lids on the famous zero calorie , zero sugar type . other variants coke zero and coke life used to have black and green tops . but company has now brought all four variants ` together under one brand ' . company accused of ` messing with our heads ' with red tops for all types .
peter barnett , 43 , travelled from haddenham and thame to marylebone . but pretended to have gone from wembley and tapped out with oyster card . deception places him among the ranks of britain 's biggest fare dodgers . oxford university-educated lawyer has admitted to six counts of fraud .
at 41 van leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment . vermeer spent hours peering into the box-like interior of a camera obscura . could vermeer and van leeuwenhoek have inspired each other 's work ? .
the emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of ferguson , missouri were released on thursday . in one email a photo of ronald reagan holding a monkey is labeled ` rare photo of ronald reagan babysitting barack obama ' . former police sergeant william mudd said he was getting his dogs welfare in one email as they are ` mixed in color , unemployed , lazy , ca n't speak english , and have no frigging clues who their daddies are ' . in another sent by city clerk mary ann twitty , a group of tribespeople in native costumes is captioned ` michelle obama 's high school reunion . mudd also sent an email that said a black woman in new orleans got $ 5,000 after having an abortion from ` crimestoppers ' . disgraced police officer richard henke was responsible for sending the email that said of president obama ; ` what black man holds a steady job for four years ' .
the male employee and a female accomplice worked as a team to manipulate a screening system at denver international airport in 2014 . she would indicate a female was being screened when it was a male passenger after a signal when male worker found someone attractive . the tsa machine would then show up an ` anomaly ' in the genital area and the male tsa employee would pat down the male passenger 's genitals . both tsa employees have been fired but criminal charges were not filed .
alex elenes persuaded his cousin to go to the amazon over machu picchu . he booked many exciting tours including a jungle trek and piranha fishing . the traveller slept through the entire trip , missing sloths and monkeys . his cousin roxy de la rosa posted the hilarious pictures on reddit .
a 13-year-old girl who vanished 40 years ago may still be alive . marian carole rees disappeared from hillsdale in southern sydney . she often talked about running away and an inquest has heard it was not suspicious . magistrate sharon freund believes she may still want to avoid detection . she said she was unconvinced that ms rees is dead .
single lady leaves legacy of labels including chanel , gucci and prada . bid on designs worn by kate middleton and satc 's carrie and samantha . house & son auctioneers in bournemouth to sell the 173 designer lots . worth from # 300 to thousands , the no-reserve lots could go for a bargain .
schoolboy bradley parkes , 16 , discovered hanging in woods in coventry . sophie wilson , 17 , performed cpr on the teen after raising the alarm . bradley 's mother said he had been bullied and terrorised by gang . says her son is now out of coma and thanked the girls who found him .
mirko filipovic aims to avenge 2007 first-round defeat to gabriel gonzaga . filipovic was beaten by a head-kick from the brazilian eight years ago . he admitted revenge is a motivating factor ahead of saturday 's bout .
# a ** holeparents is a hashtag on instagram to expose ` flawed parenting ' . parents posts pictures of their children crying with the hashtag . children are shown crying because they are being fed and cleaned . i would n't let her have a knife , ' captioned one snap of a child sobbing . the hashtag has almost 4000 posts from parents all over the world .
chrystie crownover told gma that bruce revealed his ` true self ' the year they were married in 1972 . chrystie told gma that she has kept his secret for the past 43-years . revealed she was shocked at first but was pleased he told her and ` never felt threatened ' . told gma that she watched friday 's diane sawyer interview with bruce . the olympic champion and chrystie have two children together and are grandparents .
300 inmates including al-qaeda leader freed during breakout at jail . two guards and five inmates killed in clashes . 44 people , including 18 civilians , reportedly killed in city of aden . security officials later confirmed fall of the palace .
locals in the remote area of jharkhand state believe the ceremony has the power to protect their village . participants are tied to a wooden pole by their feet and gradually lowered into the roaring flames below . as those taking part get closer to the fire , a hindu priest throws oil to intensify the blaze ever further . those escaping injury are deemed worthy to take part in the next stage of the ceremony - walking on hot coals .
young mum hannah moore , 20 , had shots of her stretchmarks taken down . instagram has also censored images of periods , pubic hair and nipples . yet provocative images of bikini models are deemed appropriate . those who have had their shots censored accuse the site of sexism .
deputy pm was met by protesters in surbiton , south-west london . protesters chanted : ` nick clegg lied to me , he said uni would be free ' . mr clegg ignored the protesters and launched new assault on the tories . he said george osborne 's plan was ` socially and morally unacceptable ' .
laura stevens , 38 , who lives in paris , suffered a painful relationship break-up . british photographer asked friends and women she met to pose for photos of ` how she was feeling ' . therapeutic , personal project is called another november ( the month in which she and her partner separated ) .
ikea hopes to save the planet with chickpea and kale ` veggie balls ' . the ` non-meat meatball ' also contains carrots , peppers and peas . swedish flat-pack firm sells one billion regular meatballs every year .
ankit keshri was on the pitch as a substitute fielder having been 12th man . 20-year-old did regain consciousness after colliding with team-mate . sachin tendulkar is one of several stars to give his condolences .
about a year after al qaeda took warren weinstein hostage , his family paid a ransom , a pakistani source says . the captors demanded that other prisoners be released , the source says . weinstein , an american aid worker , was killed in a drone strike in january , the u.s. says .
former arsenal attacker thierry henry criticised javier hernandez . hernandez scored late to earn real madrid champions league victory . but , henry feels the mexican owes all the credit to cristiano ronaldo . ronaldo provided the assist for the on-loan striker to tap home late on . click here for our lowdown on the uefa champions league final four .
chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the premier league table . blues have announced partnership with fitness leaders technogym . kurt zouma , eden hazard and nemanja matic have been working out . jose mourinho 's side host man united at stamford bridge on saturday .
tamara pacskowska pretended to be 76-year-old georgina bagnall-oakley . tried to sell her # 1million bayswater mews home from under her nose . recruited daughter-in-law monika brzezinska to translate agent meetings . they planned to sell the home to fellow conman benjamin khoury , aged 26 .
amol gupta was playing in a match on roosevelt island in april 2013 when he injured himself . gupta suffered a broke nose and elbow , and damaged his spine when he slammed into retaining wall . kickball game was organized by zogsports league .
new york reports 160 hospitalizations related to synthetic marijuana . gov. andrew cuomo issued a health alert .
the two moms from " big bang theory " guest star this week . " backstrom , " " blue bloods " are among the week 's season finales . comedy " younger " is gaining big buzz .
rolando aarons was in contention to play for under 21s on wednesday . the 19-year-old newcastle midfielder has suffered another injury setback . the magpies have lost their last five barclays premier league matches .
juan mata scored as manchester united thumped manchester city . victory sends louis van gaal 's side four points clear of their rivals in third . manchester united are now just one point adrift of second placed arsenal . mata has challenged his teammates to keep on fighting right to the end .
denise chiffon berry , 44 , was driving in hawthorne , california with her unidentified 12-year-old son on wednesday . around 12:30 pm , her son saw a man riding in a cadillac with his feet handing out the window and the two laughed at the scene . when the cadillac began following their vehicle , ms berry pulled over to ask a police officer for help . that 's when raymond washington , who was in the front passenger seat , got out of the cadillac and started shooting at ms berry and her son . ms berry died at her scene while her son survived ; washington was shot dead by the police officer helping the mother and son . washington , 38 , was a father-of-two and had a previous felony conviction .
england needed to beat france in their final euro 2015 qualifier . but goals from sehrou guirassy and gnaly cornet won it for the hosts . late response from fulham 's patrick roberts was n't enough .
chelsea forward eden hazard has been in superb form this season . the belgian scored the winning goal against manchester united on saturday to extend chelsea 's lead at the top of the premier league table . manager jose mourinho believes hazard is one of the best players in the world and holds him in similar esteem to cristiano ronaldo .
drug is made from same version of stimulant used to produce bath salts . flakka can be injected , snorted , smoked , or swallowed . it causes euphoria , hallucinations , psychosis and superhuman strength . high lasts for couple hours and users have strong desire to re-use . more than 670 flakka occurrences in florida in 2014 , up from 85 in 2012 .
phillip buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the oakland raiders in 2002 when his mother made what he called the ` desperate demand ' . buchanon , who is now retired , instead bought her a brand new house . but she refused to sell her old house and rented it to her sister . so he ended up paying maintenance for both houses for seven years without getting any of the rent money . when buchanon finally had enough his mother asked for $ 15,000 instead of a smaller house whose upkeep she could afford .
the impressive castello baronale is located 31 miles outside rome and has battlement towers . the nine-bedroom fort has an incredible library decorated in the venetian style . napoleon plundered the castle 's gold , and used it as a fortress for french revolutionary troops between 1796-1800 .
staff at restaurant in chengdu heard crying and found a newborn baby . the tot still had the umbilical cord and placenta attached but was otherwise fine . woman who had been in toilet returned to her table ` like she was in trance ' . she was arrested after cctv showed her visiting the restroom .
gang hatched an audacious plot to rob guanghui temple in north china . plan involved renting restaurant across the street and digging 70m tunnel . but before they could breach temple , police were tipped off about the heist . 5 men were arrested including the gang 's leader , a well-known artefact thief .
the crash occurred at the exotic driving experience at walt disney world speedway . officials say the driver , 24-year-old tavon watson , lost control of a lamborghini . passenger gary terry , 36 , died at the scene .
newcastle boss john carver is relishing the chance to take charge of his hometown club against sunderland in the wear-tyne derby . carver has been part of the coaching staff for previous newcastle managers alan pardew , sir bobby robson and ruud gullit . he was gullit 's assistant when newcastle were beaten 2-1 by sunderland after the dutchman benched alan shearer and duncan ferguson . carver insists that he will not make the same mistakes as his predecessor .
khloe , 30 , has been showcasing a glamorous new look . star has dyed hair blonder and curated a specific beauty regime . she has also lost an impressive amount of weight .
grant allen , 38 , spent # 30,000 holidaying with girlfriend gaynor godwin . he bought houses in costa del sol as well as in essex and hertfordshire . court heard meat trader hid fraud by funnelling cash into partner 's bank . allen was previously jailed for six years for fraud and money laundering .
entertainer yousef saleh erakat posed as a homeless man in los angeles . most people responded to his offer of a $ 10 bill angrily , cursing at him , giving him the finger and calling him names . one man brags about his black card and points to his mercedes benz , telling the seemingly homeless man he needs to ` earn his way up ' . only two people in the video actually stop and offer erakat money instead .
angel rangel could make first swansea city start in over two months . jefferson montero may be fit enough to make bench for garry monk 's side . romelu lukaku 's fitness at 50-50 with belgian carrying hamstring problem . aiden mcgeady is also a major doubt for everton with a back injury .
leigh griffiths revealed that ronny deila and john collins warned him . the celtic striker took a while to settle in at his new club after his move . griffiths has been in red-hot form and scored three against kilmarnock .
erica ginnetti , 35 , must also serve 60 days under house arrest , 100 hours of community service and three years ' probation . judge garrett page reportedly asked ` what young man would not jump on that candy ? ' . ginnetti pleaded guilty in a pennsylvania court in december to having sex with a 17-year-old student . page told ginneti her ` sexual hunger ' had devastating consequences for two families . married mother of three said she has mended fences with her family and became a fitness instructor . she first approached her victim in may 2013 when she chaperoned the senior prom and invited him to come work out at her gym .
jams mean ukip leader forced to pull the plug on farm visit in staffordshire . last year blamed ` open door immigration ' for getting stuck in traffic on m4 . plans to attack the tories over refusal to spend 2 % of gdp on defence .
house prices tipped to fall by up to 10 per cent in some states with economists predicting a housing surplus in 2017 . goldman sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years creating oversupply . biggest hit will be in markets where construction supply has been strong , such as inner-city melbourne and perth .
manchester city face crystal palace on monday night at selhurst park . city remain nine points behind chelsea in the premier league . manuel pellegrini knows his team can not afford to lose any more ground .
new york university psychologists studied how the brain stores memories . found boring details become more memorable with emotional context . emotional experience can enhance memory for old neutral information .
#tacocannon trends in omaha as excited fans eat up the idea of flying tacos . the cannon will shoot off tacos at university of nebraska-omaha 's new arena .
julian zelizer : in early weeks of the 2016 campaign , candidates and potential contenders have stumbled in small ways . he says chris christie 's words about social security and marijuana may haunt him .
gang have been jailed for a total of 31 years for sexually abusing children . offences happened in cars , woods or at the defendants ' homes in banbury . lured victims to parties organised on social media and then abused them . girls aged between 13 and 16 were exploited by the gang from 2009 to 2014 .
john carver has become the target of fans angry with how the club is run . his depleted and disinterested squad have lost five games in succession . supporter sites have organised a boycott of the clash with tottenham . steve mcclaren has already been tipped as a replacement for carver .
u.n. agency says 900 refugees from yemen have arrived in horn of africa , asks ships in area to be vigilant . who : at least 643 people have been killed , more than 2,000 injured in three weeks . unicef : aid includes medical supplies for up to 80,000 people and more airlifts are planned .
testimony got under way in murder trial of 24-year-old shayna hubers accused of killing ohio lawyer ryan poston in 2012 . jurors were shown videotaped police interview with hubers , where she claimed she shot poston in self-defense . hubers , then 21 , told police she shot poston in the face and then fired again to put him out of his misery . hubers described poston was ` vain ' to detectives and said she gave him the ` nose job he wanted ' by shooting him in the face . woman told police how poston allegedly pushed and shoved her , and mocked her for being a ` hillbilly from kentucky ' .
brazil extends ` deepest sympathy ' to family of executed brazilian . indonesia executed eight death row inmates early wednesday . australian pm calls executions " cruel and unnecessary " .
police in dallas shot and killed jason harrison last year . a grand jury has decided not to indict the officers . the officers are still facing a civil lawsuit filed by harrison 's family .
manny pacquiao continued his high intensity training with a mountain run . filipino fighter is preparing for mega-fight with floyd mayweather jnr . fans joined pacquiao as he climbed to the top of the griffith park summit . the mega-fight with mayweather jnr is now less than a month away .
health experts slam pete evans ' new baby milk formula as a danger to kids . dietitians says formula has five times daily vitamin a intake for babies . evans ' is an outspoken advocate for the paleo diet and lifestyle . pete evans has shared two incredible stories on social media . a woman , ` hollie ' , claimed the paleo diet alleviated her ms symptoms . another woman , marg , who also has ms , said her condition has improved . health experts say there is no scientific evidence to back up the claims .
experts warn ed miliband 's changes for non-doms would cost millions . the labour leader initially suggested he would abolish non-dom status . but it later emerged he is effectively only proposing a time limit on it . it allows those with foreign links to be taxed only on money entering britain .
jessica bialek found ` safe and well ' after vanishing 36 hours earlier . ms bialek was last seen leaving her home at 8.30 am on wednesday . she was walking to the bank in coogee , south-eastern sydney . ms bialek 's husband pleaded for help in finding his wife . on thursday her father also made a plea for her to contact family . the mother-of-one is an accomplished arts photographer . she returned home on thursday evening to her husband and daughter .
migrant women hope to reach europe so their babies will be born there . hundreds of arrested migrants are detained in libya while officials try to figure out what to do . a funeral is held outside a valletta , malta , hospital for migrants killed in ship 's sinking .
man in his twenties said to have bent down to pick up his bag at stockwell . he was hit on the head on northern line platform of south london station . commuters have said the platforms are too narrow and unsafe when busy . man was rushed to hospital with life-threatening head injuries .
roscoe was caught on camera this week at the asheville humane society in north carolina taking some of his first steps . the rescue pup was born with a deformity which caused his front to legs to be bent backwards at the knees .
godfrey elfwick recruited via twitter to appear on world have your say . came after claims he had never seen the star wars franchise before . on the show he described the films as both anti-women and anti-gay . also said that darth vader was a black man and a ` really bad racial stereotype ' .
danny welbeck met up with sportsmail 's martin keown . welbeck thanks fans and staff for making him so welcome at arsenal . former manchester united striker talks about scoring at old trafford . welbeck wants to be a striker , but says playing on the wing is easier in a front three than when part of a midfield four . arsenal take on reading at wembley on saturday evening .
a businesswoman worries that if hillary clinton becomes president , her hormones will make her go to war . mel robbins : what 's scary is that the bias against women in the workplace is still going strong in 2015 .
kell brook will make the second defence of his title in just over two months . he will take on fellow brit frankie gavin at the o2 arena on may 30 . brook stopped jo jo dan in the fourth round in sheffield last month . anthony joshua , lee selby and kevin mitchell will also be on the card . click here for all the latest boxing news .
michael shepard , 35 , conned parents into believing he was n't dangerous and even convinced them to let him babysit , police say . he raped and sexually abused at least seven children , including a girl as young as five , authorities allege . at a hearing to keep him locked up , one psychologist testified in his defense , the other said he was ` on the fence ' about keeping shepard behind bars . shepard spent 15 years in prison for sexually abusing two boys and has a history of sex offense dating back two decades .
luke shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark campground on friday . the 11-year old was camping in the victorian national park with his family . he has been missing for two nights and temperatures dipped to as low as eight degrees celsius on saturday night . there has been an unconfirmed sighting of luke with police acting quickly . the 11-year-old was reportedly seen walking 4 kms from his campsite . luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused . a large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams . police also said conditions are favourable for his survival overnight . they have issued an extensive description of luke and his clothing .
judges scored the contest 113-112 , 112-113 , 113-113 - a tie . irishman lee was floored in the first round but fought back admirably . he threw more punches and connected more regularly than his opponent . quillin had failed to make the required weight of 160lbs on friday . reigning wbo middleweight champion lee went distance for first time . and he did most of it with a strained biceps muscle in his left arm .
five sailors took their own lives while serving on wa 's hmas stirling . suicides happened over two years and some had attempted it before . stuart addison 's family did n't know about his other attempts until his death . it was a similar case for four other families , including stuart 's close friends . revelations of ice use , binge drinking and depression have also emerged .
luke rockhold takes on lyoto machida in new jersey on saturday . the middleweights will hope the winner will earn a title shot . rockhold believes he has to dominate machida to earn the win .
hawaii 's legislature passes a bill raising the legal age for buying tobacco to 21 . the bill is now before gov. david ige , whose signature would make it law . most states allow tobacco sales to anyone 18 and older .
five recent deaths heighten suspicions on both side of ukraine 's ethnic divide . ukraine 's president orders an investigation of the recent killings . the opposition calls the killings " oppression , " but the government says moscow may be to blame .
lillian roldan says she dated ariel castro from 2000 to 2003 according to a new book about the cleveland house of horrors by john glatt . roldan says she met castro on a blind date and that during their three-year relationship , he was nothing but a gentleman . two years into their relationship , castro kidnapped his first two victims , michelle knight and amanda berry , and locked them in his basement . roldan says she never knew castro was hiding the women , but that he did keep a padlock on his basement door . castro broke up with roldan with a letter in october 2003 , and a few months later went on to kidnap his third victim gina dejesus . the three women were kept captive in the house for another nine years , until they made a dramatic escape in may 2013 .
april 1 has heralded a crop of fake news stories hoodwinking readers . the guardian claims jeremy clarkson is campaigning against fossil fuels . simon cowell will replace the queen on the # 5 note , according to the sun . the leaning tower of pisa is set to become a luxury hotel , says one paper . ant and dec ` will add strictly 's anton du beke to their presenting line-up ' .
dai young wants to reform the current salary cap in english top flight . it means premiership clubs are struggling to compete with french . young 's wasps side lost 32-18 to toulon in champions cup last eight . only saracens made it through to the last four from england .
a boy aged 13 has been jailed for 11 years for murder of christopher barry . he stabbed mr barry , a builder , twice in ` cowardly and unprovoked ' attack . teenager was a member of the notorious wood green gang in london . boy was thrown out of school at 11 for possessing cannabis and a knife .
sir philip carter died at his home on thursday morning after a short illness . carter served everton during three spells after first joining the club in 1977 . toffees chairman bill kenwright pays tribute to a ` great man and leader ' .
john mcginn will miss the rest of the season after the incident in training . steven thompson threw a pole towards mcginn after losing possession . the pole stabbed mcginn in the leg , leaving him needing hospital attention . thompson says ` blood started pouring out of the hole ' in mcginn 's leg . st mirren captain is believed to have given his goal bonus to mcginn .
first drawing of yellow submarine to fetch more than # 10,000 at auction . rare celluloid painting depicts vessel used in 1968 film starring beatles . featuring handwritten notes , it was used as a master for animation team . yellow submarine was a success and led to the beatles ' 10th studio album .
steve bruce has promised wife janet to go on a diet and lose some weight . hull boss was pictured lapping up the sun with pal alan shearer . bruce was enjoying a short holiday during the international break .
officer michael slager is being held at charleston county jail . housed in housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at charleston county jail . slager , 33 , is charged with murder after opening fire on walter scott , 50 , after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in north charleston . dashcam footage shows scott running from his car after being pulled over . minutes later slager shot him in the back in a nearby park .
head of libyan army tells cnn libyan authorities have not been consulted . gen. khalifa haftar says libya will " look after " its interests . solution to migration problem requires lifting of sanctions , general says .
lisa and james tuttle moved with children to idyllic geldeston , norfolk . their dogs kept escaping onto neighbouring farmland . they were warned if dogs kept bothering farmer 's birds , they 'd be shot . couple believed dogs were gentle and would n't have attacked birds . in 2014 while family were on holiday , gamekeeper shot two of the dogs . acted within law so was not charged . family are devastated by loss of pets and now want to move .
care home resident arthur townsend poured it over mercedes sprinter . he had become angry at martin carter , son of his friend olive carter , 96 . believed he was making her stay at home to sign for business packages . townsend admitted criminal damage and must pay # 500 compensation .
were the police justified in stopping freddie gray ? . can they be held liable for his death ? .
carriers of brca1 gene mutation who are diagnosed with breast cancer are less likely to die if they have their ovaries removed , study found . but the theory does not apply for those with brca2 gene mutation . having the brca1 or brca2 genes increase risk of breast cancer by 70 % . experts said benefits of having ovaries removed lasted for up to 15 years .
midfielder fires a warning to his detractors that he is now back to his best . iniesta ran from his own half to set up neymar 's opener in 2-0 win . world cup winner had recorded zero assists this season prior to tuesday . neymar and andres iniesta star men for barca in 2-0 win over psg .
alan pardew believes high-profile signing will send out statement of intent . the crystal palace manager is keen on bringing the club to next level . pardew has warned potential suitors off of star winger yannick bolasie .
married businessman mohammed khubaib convicted of raping girl , 14 . also guilty of trafficking girls as young as 12 over more than two years . co-defendant cleared of raping 16-year-old and seven trafficking charges . conviction part of cambridgeshire police 's probe into child sex offences .
roy day , 29 , and gerald lundie , 26 , stole # 160,000 worth of luxury cars . the pair hit 13 properties in four counties while their owners slept at home . finally caught , after a high-speed chase , when dna found in a crashed car . each jailed for five years and four months at birmingham crown court .
squatters have set up shanty town just yards from runnymede in surrey . the group who are linked to occupy london have left locals outraged . one member said they were using the land to grow their own vegetables . they have been given two weeks to submit a defence ahead of hearing .
incredible footage of an ` apocalyptic ' sandstorm in belarus has gone viral . it shows a city being plunged into darkness as a storm blocks out the sun . the sandstorm caused electricity cuts and forced 100,000 people indoors . it brought with it a cold front and heavy rain that damaged buildings .
agnese klavina , 30 , vanished after being driven away from a spanish club . older sister gunta made a video appeal for information on her whereabouts . brits westley capper and craig porter were summoned to court on monday .
molly schuyler won the 72-ounce steak dinner challenge at big texan steak ranch in amarillo , texas on sunday . the mother of four from california weighs just 120 pounds , but after the dinner she weighed in at 135 pounds . she said she plans to return next year to beat her record and up the ante to four steaks .