saracens lost 13 9 to clermont at stade geoffroy guichard on saturday . the sarries pack contained five english qualified forwards . saracens millionaire chairman nigel wray wants the salary cap scrapped .
man with bandages covering head robbed bank in new milton , hampshire . threatened staff before making off with a significant amount of money . police have arrested a man , 56 , from the town on suspicion of robbery .
the project is hoped to open at the former arts centre , la llotja . friend and producer jaume roures of mediapro is leading the tribute . the museum follows allen s vicky cristina barcelona , set in the city .
filmmaker rotates four stacked see through plastic cups . he selects an afro hair type , a shirt and a pair of glasses . the video maker initially uploaded his creation to reddit . one user stated there are a total of 294 possible variations .
truck stopped by police this morning after travelling 200m across the uk . police sniffer dog team found five men hiding in tiny space inside . it is thought they had climbed on board in belgium before entering britain . comes days after illegal camp in calais , france was closed down .
gael monfils beat roger federer 6 4 , 7 6 at the monte carlo masters . the frenchman showed how good he can be in thrilling last 16 win . monfils now faces grigor dimitrov in the quarter finals in monaco .
prince harry to arrive in australia next monday ahead of four week stay . will be australian soldiers in darwin , perth and sydney during trip . prince will observe elite sas soldiers , and indigenous norforce troops . the royal said to be excited for challenging and hectic schedule . the trip is the last of prince harry s military career before he retires .
bafetimbi gomis scored a brace as swansea beat hull 3 1 on saturday . the french striker tops this week s ea sports performance index . charlie austin takes second place after qpr s 4 1 win against west brom . eden hazard , alexis sancez and ander herrera also feature in the top 10 . click here for all the latest premier league news .
sienna miller , 33 , is not a gym person but loves yoga . mother of one works with a personal trainer , power walking and jogging . try hip rolls , a pilates move that targets the oblique abdominal muscles .
arsenal beat burnley 1 0 on saturday to move four points clear in second . but chief executive ivan gazidis is not happy to miss out on title again . gazidis fears arsenal may struggle to make champions league in future .
eduardo vargas has been ruled out for 10 12 weeks with knee injury . chilean ace vargas will miss the rest of the premier league season . vargas picked up the injury during saturday s win against west brom . scans revealed he sustained a grade two medial collateral ligament injury .
disgruntled flyers have taken to social media to shame feral passengers . the photographs show people with less than desirable habits on planes . images are submitted anonymously by passengers and flight attendants . the images were posted on an instagram account passenger shaming .
flight from kansas city , missouri to denver , colorado , was diverted friday . landed at colorado springs at 7 . 30 am beginning six hour ordeal . after three hours passengers could go but would have had to pay for new connecting flights and transport . during long wait airplane ran low on water , food and bathroom supplies . airline has denied it was feasible to get passengers off the flight .
wesley burton , a father of three and popular radio host at kpfa in berkeley , california , was killed in a hit and run on saturday . he was driving home from work when a white dodge charger crashed into his silver mercury . wife lucrecia has made an emotional plea for anyone with information about her husband s killer to come forward . burton had three children aged between 4 and 9 and after growing up without a father his dream had been to raise his own kids .
gupta is in kathmandu to cover the aftermath of deadly earthquake . the hospitals are so overstretched that he was asked to perform brain surgery on a teenager who had been crushed by a wall in the quake . he said the girl is now doing well but she is just one of many victims . 4 , 352 people are believed to have died , including at least four americans , and more than 6 , 000 suffered injuries .
bird watchers photographed the rare bird near british raf base at akrotiri on the island s south coast . the last recorded sighting of a black flamingo was in israel in 2014 . dark colouring thought to be caused by genetic irregularity where it can generate more melanin than usual .
the crashed plane was a cessna 414 , national transportation safety board reports . coach torrey ward , administrator aaron leetch among the 7 killed in the crash . the plane crashed while coming back from the ncaa title game in indianapolis .
medics say the driver was fortunate to still be alive given severity of crash . his jeans were left on the underside of the car in southam , warwickshire . firefighters spent 25 minutes trying to free the man trapped under the car . the man , who was thought to be in his 20s , was then air lifted to hospital .
manchester united signed a 750million , 10 year kit deal with adidas . but the old trafford club will have to wear old nike kit on us tour . united are expected to stage a 12 day tour of the us west coast . there is no buy out agreement in nike s current deal which ends in july .
debris landed on paula viccica s property in west pittston , pennsylvania . she said she saw bits of paper falling from the sky for several minutes . homeowner believes the debris came from a plane flying overhead . she filed a complaint with the federal aviation administration . paula said she wants an assurance that it does not pose a danger .
tyecka evans , 28 , charged with manslaughter in death of 3 month old taliya richardson . evans initially lied that she fell asleep at home and woke up to discover her daughter with plastic bag over her face . florida mother of two later admitted she went to a club with her sister , leaving three children home alone for nearly two hours .
barcelona s brazilian forward neymar has not scored since february 15 . however , luis enrique is not concerned by the frontman s drought . barcelona players trained on tuesday and remain on course for the treble . read xavi still has vital role to play for barcelona , insists luis enrique . click here for all the latest barcelona news .
surveillance video shows a sound transit link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in south seattle . all of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path . luckily the driver survived and was taken to hospital with only minor injuries . the incident occurred just after 11am on monday where the rail tracks intersect at 7150 martin luther king way south .
west ham are currently top of the fair play rankings in the premier league . should they finish there at the end of the season , they could qualify for the europa league next term . sam allardyce is well aware of the benefits of being able to offer european football to players in the transfer market . allardyce led bolton wanderers to uefa cup qualification in 2005 .
europa league semi final draw napoli vs dnipro , sevilla vs fiorentina . last four ties to be played on may 7 and may 14 . final takes place at national stadium in warsaw on may 27 .
milano had pumped while on plane . travelers are asked to carry only what they need .
shaquille omar hallisey attacked matthew leeke in queen street , cardiff . the 20 year old s victim was walking home when the assault took place . he pleaded guilty to wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm . judge describes attack in june 2014 as savage demonstration of violence .
werder bremen defeated hamburg sv 1 0 in the bundesliga on sunday . bruno labbadia has returned as coach to save hamburg from relegation . wolfsburg meet schalke 04 in the later game on sunday .
james was practicing at td garden in boston , massachusetts , on saturday . he made the shot by effortlessly flicking basketball at hoop 94 feet away . just before the shot hit nothing but net , james said give me my money ! . dwight howard of houston rockets issued a response video later in day . cleveland cavaliers are playing nba playoff game vs celtics on sunday .
chelsea entertain manchester united in the premier league on saturday . chelsea boss jose mourinho and united manager louis van gaal are pals . pair enjoyed a successful relationship together at barcelona in the 1990s . mourinho has since won trophies in portugal , england , italy and spain .
injured chelsea striker diego costa is expected to be out for two weeks . he could return in time to face arsenal in the premier league run in . spain striker limped off just 11 minutes into appearance against stoke city .
ridley stays in the afc east after signing a one year deal with the jets . the running back joins a revamped offense including fellow free agency acquisitions brandon marshall and ryan fitzpatrick . he had a career high year in 2012 but played just six games last season after a tear to his right acl .
the company says it is seeking to redefine sexy . victoria s secret was criticized for its perfect body campaign .
jason dufner and amanda married in 2012 . divorce settlement states there had been an irretrievable breakdown of the marriage . amanda will receive 2 . 5 m as part of the settlement while jason will keep two houses .
manchester city s hopes of retaining the premier league title were dealt a hammer blow after a 2 1 defeat at crystal palace . vincent kompany and city players were visibly frustrated and the belgian even manhandled referee michael oliver . glenn murray and jason puncheon gave palace a 2 0 lead before yaya toure scored what proved to be a consolation for city . for the 16th league game this season , city fielded a starting line up with no english outfield players .
nick scholfield is lined up to ride spring heeled in the grand national . the famous race takes place at aintree on april 11 . scholfield travels to ireland to sit on spring heeled on friday .
stephen curry scored 27 points against the clippers to help his side to win . klay thompson also played key role in golden state warriors victory . eastern conference leaders atlanta hawks were beaten by detroit .
defector deploys balloons with the interview to north korea . lee min bok says he finds the movie vulgar , but sends it anyway .
pep guardiola is set for contract negotiations at the end of the season . the former barcelona boss is out of contract in the summer of 2016 . board member jan christian dreesen does not believe guardiola s decision on a new contract will be influenced by money . bayern munich are 10 points clear at the top of the bundesliga .
michelle filkins , 44 , of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering , larceny over 250 , and the malicious destruction of property . she was arrested on april 17 after owner mark conklin found her sitting in his summer home . a neighbor told police he saw filkins outside with items from the house and that she appeared to be having a yard sale or giving the items away . police are asking anyone who received items from the home including a lamp and a painting to return them .
liverpool 2 0 newcastle united click here to read the match report . philippe coutinho starred in liverpool s premier league win on monday . sportsmail s jamie carragher feels coutinho is becoming their key man . liverpool boss brendan rodgers we can still finish in the top four . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
trevor duffy , a university of albany fraternity pledge who died during hazing last november , drank a 60 ounce bottle of vodka . this according to court papers filed by two students who were expelled after his death and wish to return to the college . duffy s death came after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by zeta beta tau members at an off campus home . 24 members of the underground fraternity were sanctioned by the university after the incident . an investigation determined members of the frat were guilty of drug , alcohol and student group violations . no one has been arrested in duffy s death and albany police said their investigation is continuing . four other men were also treated for alcohol poisoning that night .
graeme dott had to play three best of 19 frame matches to qualify . he overcame ricky walden 10 8 in first round crucible clash . but former world champion fears exhaustion will ruin his bid for 2015 title . meanwhile , john higgins impressed with a 10 5 victory over robert milkins .
mario gomez has been linked with a move to la liga giants barcelona . however gomez insists he would reject a transfer to the nou camp . the striker joined fiorentina in 2013 for a fee believed to be over 17m .
milos raonic had to pull out of tournament after sustaining foot injury . tomas berdych will face grigor dimitrov or gael monfils in next round . berdych is yet to lose a set this week following raonic s injury .
terrill wayne newman is vying to become the next kentucky governor . on tuesday he legally changed his name to gatewood galbraith after a late local celebrity who bid five times for the title but never won enough votes . newman says he does n t expect to be elected but hopes the gesture will warm galbraith s grave .
arsenal have shown an interest in liverpool forward raheem sterling . however sterling s recent behaviour has troubled arsenal s hierarchy . sterling has been caught smoking shisha and inhaling nitrous oxide . man city , man united and chelsea are monitoring sterling s situation . read real madrid are keen on signing sterling , says zinedine zidane . read sterling pictured again with shisha pipe . . . this time with jordan ibe .
fifteen baltimore police officers were injured monday night in clashes with rioters angry over the death of freddie gray . while most the officers appeared peaceful in their control of the crowds , one officer was pictured lobbing a rock back at rioters .
kendra moad of kearns , utah followed her grandfather out of the house friday morning and into the driveway . he did not see the 20 month old toddler and ran her over as he pulled his truck up in the driveway to move the trash cans . this is now the fourth time since august that a child was accidentally run over and killed in their own driveway by a family member in utah . kendra suffered severe head trauma and was unconscious when workers arrived , and was pronounced dead shortly after at a nearby hospital . the grandfather is not facing any charges at this time , but the case remains under investigation .
study at maastricht university found access to drug lowered grade scores . those who could buy cannabis legally did 5 worse across all courses . statistics were worst for maths students or those developing number skills . economists say more to be done to investigate the drug s affect on society .
manchester united have six ex players in champions league semi finals . javier hernandez scored the winner for real madrid against atletico madrid . paul pogba , carlos tevez and patrice evra play for italian side juventus . cristiano ronaldo set up hernandez s goal for real madrid on wednesday . barcelona s gerard pique helped keep out paris saint germain . hernandez was the hero for madrid but he will need to find a new home .
boris johnson said he hopes to be considered for tory leadership after pm . but london mayor insisted position would not become vacant for 5 years . david cameron named mr johnson as one of three potential successors .
65 parmigiani watches given to fifa delegates at world cup in brazil . fifa ethics committee ordered the watch be given back . greg dyke did not give his back as he wanted to auction it for charity . dyke has now given the watch back with all 65 to be donated to charity .
group of vicars say coe schools should stop selecting pupils on faith . many christian schools give priority to those who regularly attend church . but vicars argue the system is open to abuse and oversubscribed schools may reject non churchgoing families even though they may live nearby . clergymen said affluent parents were more likely to cheat the system by going to church just to get their children into a high performing coe school .
author margaret atwood dismissed katherine as an uneventful dresser . she says duchess of cambridge has n t lived up to fashion icon diana . miss atwood says kate is cautious when it comes to clothing .
virgin australia launches complimentary food on all domestic flights . package will also include free checked baggage on all local flights . food and beverage service tailored to time of day and duration of journey . move also includes free checked baggage on all domestic flights .
oriol romeu is on a season long loan at stuttgart from chelsea . the spanish midfielder predicts the scores in saturday s matches . romeu goes head to head with sportsmail s martin keown .
richard henyekane died in car accident in the early hours of tuesday . the former south africa striker was the only person to die in the crash . henyekane made nine appearances for south africa back in 2009 .
fabian orellana was angered by sergio busquets time wasting tactics . the celta vigo striker threw lump of turf towards the barca midfielder . orellana will now serve a one match ban for his antics and will miss celta s next game against grenada on wednesday .
the shibu inu puppy has the impromptu chat with a husky . begins vocalising with a yappy bark while the husky whines . american kennel club staff try to pacify the excited shibu inu . shibu inu runs in the air in an attempt to get closer to husky .
caroline wozniacki played tennis with us president barack obama as part of the gimmegive campaign at the annual easter egg roll . the campaign aimed at promoting more active and healthy lifestyles among american people involved several celebrities . the event was broadcast on the popular american talk show live ! .
a balanced diet can get harder to achieve around the holiday times . to keep healthy it s important to maintain regular exercise . to burn off four mini easter eggs you ll need to exercise for 40 minutes . a large easter bunny would have you on the squash court for 3 hours . those who eat hot cross buns would spend an hour hitting the pavement .
thomas set to be named as one of eight new referees for the 2015 season . the married mother of three has regularly officiated college games . thomas was the first woman to officiate an ncaa game in 2007 . she has also spent time in the nfl s developmental program for officials .
law allows police to hold suspects for two years without charge or trial . government appointed terror board can then decide to grant an extension . opponents and human rights groups said the bill was open to abuse and represents a giant step backwards for human rights . law has been introduced to combat the growing threat of isis in malaysia .
anonymous instagram account called chef jacques lamerde is poking fun at high end dining . pictures feature artistically arranged funk food , such as dunk a roos and cheez whiz . the account has over 18 , 000 followers . pictures are elaborately captioned featuring a palate cleansing shot of fermented lake michigan water .
some 1 , 500 migrants were rescued by coast guards in 24 hours . the migrants were picked up from five boats in the mediterranean . arrivals are up 43 per cent this year versus same period in 2014 .
models abbey and lily are joined by alice dellal and singer foxes . the women are pictured wearing their support . abbey , 29 , says she is proud to be part of a campaign that funds vital work . campaign has raised 13 . 5 m for breakthrough breast cancer s research .
former arsenal star ellen white scored brilliantly against her old team . two county players appeared to mess up free kick , before white scored . but white also missed a penalty as arsenal equalised .
japan s kei nishikori emerged triumphant from second round encounter . he beat his russian challenger in straight sets of 6 3 6 4 in barcelona . rafael nadal s first match will be against fellow spaniard nicolas almagro .
southampton have dropped out of the premier league top six . ronald koeman has pinpointed his team s struggle to hit the net . he feels the problem is down to opponents having more respect for saints .
lewis hamilton and nico rosberg will renew their rivalry in bahrain . the mercedes pair had argued in the aftermath of the chinese grand prix . hamilton , though , has dismissed mind games and is focused on the next race .
greg dyke wants to increase the minimum number of homegrown players at premier league clubs from eight to 12 . fa chairman has been backed by ex england bosses graham taylor , glenn hoddle , kevin keegan , sven goran eriksson and steve mcclaren . rise of harry kane proves england can develop talented youngsters .
michael phelps won his first race back following six month suspension . phelps was suspended by usa swimming for failing a drink driving test . olympic champion won 100m butterfly at the arena pro swim series .
ilkay gundogan is seen as a successor to michael carrick in midfield . manchester united boss louis van gaal has been impressed by carrick . van gaal feels gundogan can replicate 33 year old carrick s displays .
teenager has burns to 55 of his body after religiously motivated attack . muslims beat him and set him alight with kerosene because he is christian . attack follows taliban bombing which killed 17 in lahore church in march .
joao teixeira will miss brighton s last three games of the season . the portuguese starlet sustained broken leg in 0 0 draw with huddersfield . liverpool s teixeira joined brighton on season long loan deal in august .
kyle naughton ruled out for six weeks with ankle ligament damage . david meyler was sent off the tackle and will serve a suspension . angel rangel could replace naughton for their home game versus everton . click here for all the latest swansea news .
un s international civil aviation organization icao reported significant safety concerns with thailand s aviation safety . china , south korea and japan have banned any new charter flights . the country s airlines now receive strict inspections in australia . thailand said it plans to inform countries about the status of its aviation safety and the solutions to fix the faults . . . as soon as possible .
tv chiefs have announced drama poldark will return for second season . about 8 . 1 million people on average tuned in to watch each episode . second series will be based on winston graham s third and fourth books .
zaur dadaev is accused of shooting the kremlin critic , close to red square . suspect had reportedly confessed to murder but later retracted statement . claims he was abducted , beaten and pressured into confessing to murder .
david seaman reveals that his save against sheffield united was his best . the former arsenal keeper somehow kept out paul peschisolido s header . seaman has warned the gunners to be wary of underdogs reading . arsenal were given a torrid time by sheffield united back in 2003 . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
luke tingey and kyran wiltshire to spend time at united s carrington hq . tingey , 18 , became youtube sensation after stunning 40 yard free kick . wiltshire , a central midfielder , was involved in mk dons pre season squad . united keen to bring in talented younger players to boost squad numbers ahead of next season s uefa under 19 youth league competition . read what has louis van gaal changed since man utd sacked moyes ? . read manchester united gareth bale to give his side needed dynamism .
jake drage released after nine months in an indonesian prison . drage was jailed following a crash that killed a woman riding a motorbike . 23 year old west australian man sang children s songs as he was released . says one of the first things he ll do is go surfing after getting back home .
andy burnham says labour would enforce the premier league to invest an estimtated 400million into grassroots football with the new tv deal . the shadow health secretary accused prime minister david cameron of not fulfilling his promises of investing and improving grassroots . labour s sports spokesman clive efford promised to get tough .
san antonio spurs players take part in spuran spuran music video . the nba champions perform single spurs ! . kawhi leonard , matt bonner , patty mills and aron baynes all teamed up . spurs are third in the western conference with the play offs approaching .
stefano pioli is enjoying the success but remains focused on results . pioli s men reached their eighth coppa italia final with a win over napoli . third placed lazio are a point behind roma in second with nine serie a games remaining .
harry dowd played a key role in fa cup triumph over leicester city . dowd continued working as a plumber during his professional career . the former keeper scored for city , playing outfield after breaking his thumb .
the queen was pictured on her annual visit to newbury s opening . her richard hannon trained two year old ring of truth went close to a win . the 7 1 shot was making her debut in the al basti equiworld maiden stakes .
superior court judge m . marc kelly handed kevin jonas rojano nieto a 10 year sentence . the mandatory sentence rojano nieto should have received was 25 years to life . the state of california has said that it will appeal judge kelly s decision .
chad geyen of ramsey , minnesota was found dead on sunday of a self inflicted gunshot wound . the married father of two had been reported missing on saturday . he was set to stand trial monday on five counts of first degree and two counts of second degree criminal sexual conduct . six boys claim they were sexually abused by the man hundreds of times starting when some were as young as 5 years old . one of the boys was even taken in by geyen as a foster child . the hennepin county medical examiner s office is set to release further details about geyen s death later this week .
a pilot was flying a short flight from oenpelli to jabiru , northern territory . on board the flight last year were the pilot , two adults and three children . the pilot reported the children on board were excited and a little disruptive . the passenger seated in the front seat coughed through the headset . the pilot says this distracted him as he forgot to lower the landing gear . report also found the pilot was relatively new to the cessna 310 aircraft . there were no injuries but the aircraft was substantially damaged .
phil blackwood was sentenced to two and a half years with hard labour . posted the mocked up image advertising a cheap drinks night on facebook . 32 year old was found guilty of insulting religion despite apologising .
town planners have allowed two costa cafes less than 500 yards apart . two coffee shops in windsor will be just a short walk away from each other . and there is even a costa express in between the two new outlets .
danny lennon was named interim scotland under 21 manager last month . lennon won his only game in charge , a 2 1 win against hungary . sfa announced lennon s departure in a statement on tuesday . former st mirren boss lennon looks set to take over at alloa athletic .
steph curry made 94 out of his 100 attempts during the practice session . golden state warriors sit top of the western conference standings . warriors host denver nuggets in regular season finale on wednesday .
bill would require all new dryers to be no louder than 84 decibels . state senator says the air knife elicited episodes in his autistic son .
kendra spears , 26 , has given birth to her first child , a son named irfan . the baby , whose father is prince rahim aga khan , was born in geneva . ms spears , now known as princess salwa , is said to be doing well .
prime minister and tv star karren brady announced new apprenticeships . baroness brady was pictured during event helping the pm with his jacket . pair were announcing 16 , 000 more training positions for young people .
tories returned donation from beatrice tollman , founder of hotel chain . she had previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax before the charges were dismissed by a judge . but on same day husband stanley tollman pleaded guilty to tax evasion .
edinson cavani struggled in both legs for psg against barcelona . uruguayan striker s scoring record in ligue 1 is n t what it should be . louis van gaal prefers to work with young talent and cavani is 28 . radamel falcao has struggled at manchester united after signing on loan . cavani says he wants to stay at psg and he may not have much choice . van gaal identifies ilkay gundogan as replacement for michael carrick .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao face off in las vegas on may 2 . joe calzaghe believes mayweather s unbeaten record is a burden . despite that , the welshman thinks mayweather will beat his opponent . read ricky hatton gives his prediction to jeff powell ahead of the fight . read floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao tickets finally go on sale .
the dogs called sky , sadie and marshall each stand in the front room . springer spaniel begins barking before husky turns song into howl . third dog joins in with the song and the three dogs howl even louder . before owner interrupts them and they stop and stare at him in surprise .
andrew drew butler , 25 , allegedly shot mother of three kendra gonzalez . he was in passenger seat while pair were driving in san jose , california . dragged her body out of the car and left it lying on the street . butler told the children to get out , drove off and abandoned them .
grimes cottage is a heritage listed 1830s colonial georgian residence with three storeys and six bedrooms . one of the oldest surviving homes in sydney the 185 year old house was built by whaling captain george grimes . less than 10 minutes walk to the city s centre the property boasts sydney harbour bridge views . only one of two freestanding properties in nsw goverment s social housing portfolio earmarked to be sold in area . the 50 argyle place property is situated in the much sought after postcode of millers point .
rory mcilory was joined on the course by niall horan for par 3 contest . the one direction star suffered an embarrassing slip while carrying mcilroy s clubs during the round on wednesday . mcilroy shot a one under par round to finish in a tie for 16th .
kim howe s stepchildren are said to have lawyered up following her death . mrs howe , 69 , died after being involved in a crash with the reality tv star . thought she has no living blood relatives so stepchildren have only claim . attorneys sky s the limit for pay out in a successful wrongful death suit .
photographer atif saeed crept to within ten feet of the hungry male lion . fearless mr saeed left the safety of his car to sit on the ground for the shot . as soon as the camera captured the image , mr saeed had to flee for his life . the lion charged at the intrepid photographer as he closed the car s door .
the curious canine kitchen is a holistic restaurant for four legged friends . for 20 per dog , your pet will be treated to a slap up five course set menu . all proceeds will be donated to amazon cares , a street dogs charity .
steven naismith has worked with the likes of job centre plus , dyslexia scotland and the whitechapel centre in liverpool . 28 year old has given back to communities that have supported him . everton forward teamed up with job centre plus to offer unemployed fans the opportunity to watch the club this season .
dan klice , 57 , was hit by soaring projectile after a gust of wind . tried to dodge it , but fell , leaving his heel exposed when javelin struck . he was judging a contest at ramapo college , mahwah , new jersey .
aston villa drew 3 3 with qpr in their premier league clash on monday . belgium striker christian benteke scored a hat trick for the villans . robert green was embarrassed by a nutmeg from a cheeky ball boy .
novak djokovic beats rafael nadal 6 3 6 3 in monte carlo . serbian world no 1 will face tomas berdych in the final .
iceland has become an increasingly popular filming location recently . christopher nolan s interstellar was shot atop the svinafellsjokull glacier . europe s most powerful waterfall , dettifoss , was featured in prometheus . game of thrones producers opted to film at thingvellir national park . warning story contains spoilers for series four of game of thrones .
cnn investigation uncovers the business inside a human smuggling ring . 10 discount offered for every referral of another paying migrant , desperate to reach europe .
atletico madrid drew 0 0 with real madrid in first leg at vicente calderon . mandzukic was battered and bruised during the quarter final match . the atletico striker came to blows with sergio ramos and dani carvajal . diego simeone says mandzukic should be fit for wednesday s second leg .
doctors , teachers and psychologists being trained to cope with rising tide . the exorcist film left cinema audiences green more than 40 years ago . experts are teaching ordinary catholics how to recognise possession . course aims to help would be exorcists distinguish demonic possession from psychological or medical conditions .
kurt ludwigsen fired by nyack college in march after allegations surfaced . police say he kissed , fondled and was inappropriate towards 13 players . ludwigsen charged with forcible touching , harassment and sexual abuse . the 43 year old father of two is being held on 15 , 000 bail after arrest . would have been coach s first season at nyack , a christian school in ny . ludwigsen , a career softball coach , lives in ridgewood , new jersey .
indian man , 41 , accused of posting insulting status about islamic prophet . allegedly told police he wrote the status after watching footage of iraq war . if found guilty he faces up to seven years in prison , a huge fine , or both .
the 26 year old mother was found sitting in her cubicle at ceva logistics in michigan with blood on her clothes . co workers heard moaning and found blood all over bathroom stall . police arrived on the scene and discovered baby s body stuffed inside mother s bag beneath her desk . medical examiner will determine whether or not the baby was born alive .
daniel sturridge has dance off with kop kids presenter paisley . liverpool striker shows off new dance move called feed the ducks . 25 year old reveals his passion for music and dancing . read sturridge fitness our main concern says liverpool boss rodgers . read sturridge heads back to the us to see specialist .
matthew kenney , 34 , said he smoked flakka before he went streaking . was arrested on saturday after run through fort lauderdale , florida . drug is made from same version of stimulant used to produce bath salts . it causes euphoria , hallucinations , psychosis and superhuman strength . kenney has prior arrests and was hospitalized for a psychiatric evaluation .
warning graphic content . police in brazil found frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs at the restaurant . chinese owner van ruilonc admitted making pasties out of stray canines . dog meat would be sold to unwitting customers at the fast food outlet .
kevin coulton , 16 , from manchester stuck his mouth in the rim of a glass . the schoolboy wanted to achieve a fuller pout like celebrity kylie jenner . but , like scores before him , he was left with painful bruising around lips . now he is warning peers not to take part in craze sweeping social media .
warning graphic content . series of photos appear to show the beheading of a man in hama in syria . man is handcuffed and blindfolded as he is led from a van to area of land . he is surrounded by men with guns and executioner with a meat cleaver . it is claimed the man was beheaded because he is an alleged blasphemer .
a qantas jet bound for perth has been forced to return to sydney airport after a safety light turned on mid air . airbus a330 took off soon after 11am but was back on tarmac by 12 . 30 pm . after an indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors . engineers are inspecting aircraft but no evidence at this stage of a problem .
the world has been paying tribute to richie benaud , the voice of cricket . former australia captain and legendary cricket commentator died aged 84 . in november , benaud revealed he was being treated for skin cancer .
one died and three injured as plane crashes on motorway in germany . four seater plane believed to have crashed shortly after take off . plane came down between fence and a rail , just feet from passing cars .
newcastle were denied a penalty against liverpool on monday night . ayoze perez was brought down by a rash challenge from dejan lovren . sky pundit gary neville has criticised the referee s lack of action . the magpies went on to lose the game 2 0 at anfield .
lawrence phillips , 39 , was one of the nation s top players for nebraska . he was jailed in 2005 and sentenced to 31 years at kern valley state prison . his cellmate damion soward , 37 , was found lifeless on saturday morning . soward was serving 82 years to life for first degree murder .
video shows the planes approaching the runway at the same speed . the two aircraft maintain this as their wheels touch the tarmac . aviation expert calls the manoeuvre closely spaced parallel runway operations .
rose put himself in contention , ending the second day on seven under . it took a neat bit of psychology to rescue his round after a disastrous start . rose bogeyed three of the first four , finding himself playing from the trees . and that was where the magic pencil line came to his rescue .
31 year old reportedly transferred to ashworth hospital , merseyside . move to high security psychiatric unit comes after cregan refused food . killed two men before luring two officers to house with fake 999 call . fired 32 bullets at fiona bone and nicola hughes and threw a grenade .
dame maggie smith s character may appear in american period drama . the guilded age was by julian fellowes and is based in new york . there may also be a plot for american born cora in the u . s . show .
leighton baines and luke garbutt visit children s hospital in liverpool . everton defenders hand out easter eggs to young patients and families . toffees face premier league clash against southampton on saturday .
twisted sister s 2016 tour will be its last . band will celebrate 40 years in 2016 . twisted sister drummer a . j . pero died in march .
the group were on a crabbing trip near anderson island , washington . they video two killer whales jumping from water at a safe distance . suddenly the pod get closer and swim underneath the small boat . video maker and friends panic and begin rowing back to shore .
manchester city lost 2 1 against crystal palace on monday night . gary neville they ve got a mentality problem . . former manchester united and england defender neville on what is wrong with reigning champions city this team can not sustain success . jamie carragher yaya toure ducked out of his duties in the wall . click here for all the latest man city news .
police in paramus , new jersey , captured stray goat in middle of the road . authorities still working to find owner of goat , who is with animal control .
shay given to start against liverpool in fa cup a day before he turns 39 . tim sherwood confirmed the news as he prepares for sunday s semi final . given has played in all four of aston villa s fa cup matches this term .
paula dunican paid 25 for the baby blue coat at her local branch of asda . when she took it home she noticed a seeping stain on the back of coat . she then discovered the reptile s crushed body on the garment s lining . the supermarket has apologised and offered her a 40 voucher and refund .
unnamed worker was spotted on the roof of a house in south east london . appeared to only be using rope for safety while 30 feet above the ground . health and safety executive attended and stopped the work following concerns .
nigel farage is considering quitting smoking because of terrible back pain . ukip leader was n t firing on all cylinders at the start of election campaign . suffering from flare up of spinal injury and been prescribed sleeping pills .
adam federici allowed alexis sanchez s shot to squirm through his legs . his error meant arsenal advanced to the fa cup final after extra time . reading boss steve clarke has backed his goalkeeper to get back on track . the royals face birmingham in the championship on wednesday night .
doctors at the university of arkansas for medical sciences found a 56 year old man s kidney problems stemmed from drinking too much iced tea . black tea contains oxalate , a chemical known to produce kidney stones and sometimes lead to kidney failure . the unidentified man will likely spend the rest of his life in dialysis .
aid organizations are still working to help the people of nepal in the wake of two major earthquakes . thousands were killed in a magnitude 7 . 8 earthquake in nepal on april 25 . a second quake rocked the country less than three weeks later .
felipe massa says he is performing as good as he was in 2008 . the brazilian challenged for the title seven years ago but finished 2nd . massa has enjoyed a storming start to the new formula one season . the williams driver sits 4th in the championship standings with 30 points .
the weekend saw bbc s fa cup coverage compete with sky s premier league . it was a refreshing throwback to see the bbc s use of archive footage . gary lineker remains one of the bbc s prized assets and they must keep him .
the icc confirm mustafa kamal s departure as president . kamal unhappy with umpires after india beat bangladesh at the world cup . there will be no immediate replacement for kamal .
police seized 20 kilograms of kava after pulling over an unregistered car . a 39 year old man and a 26 year old woman have been charged . police found the kava divided into 862 deal bags on sunday . they also found a small quantity of cannabis and four unrestrained kids . the pair will appear in katherine magistrates court on monday . kava is a depressant drug made from the root or stump of the kava shrub .
customers used to white lids on the famous zero calorie , zero sugar type . other variants coke zero and coke life used to have black and green tops . but company has now brought all four variants together under one brand . company accused of messing with our heads with red tops for all types .
the male employee and a female accomplice worked as a team to manipulate a screening system at denver international airport in 2014 . she would indicate a female was being screened when it was a male passenger after a signal when male worker found someone attractive . the tsa machine would then show up an anomaly in the genital area and the male tsa employee would pat down the male passenger s genitals . both tsa employees have been fired but criminal charges were not filed .
alex elenes persuaded his cousin to go to the amazon over machu picchu . he booked many exciting tours including a jungle trek and piranha fishing . the traveller slept through the entire trip , missing sloths and monkeys . his cousin roxy de la rosa posted the hilarious pictures on reddit .
a 13 year old girl who vanished 40 years ago may still be alive . marian carole rees disappeared from hillsdale in southern sydney . she often talked about running away and an inquest has heard it was not suspicious . magistrate sharon freund believes she may still want to avoid detection . she said she was unconvinced that ms rees is dead .
300 inmates including al qaeda leader freed during breakout at jail . two guards and five inmates killed in clashes . 44 people , including 18 civilians , reportedly killed in city of aden . security officials later confirmed fall of the palace .
deputy pm was met by protesters in surbiton , south west london . protesters chanted nick clegg lied to me , he said uni would be free . mr clegg ignored the protesters and launched new assault on the tories . he said george osborne s plan was socially and morally unacceptable .
ankit keshri was on the pitch as a substitute fielder having been 12th man . 20 year old did regain consciousness after colliding with team mate . sachin tendulkar is one of several stars to give his condolences .
chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the premier league table . blues have announced partnership with fitness leaders technogym . kurt zouma , eden hazard and nemanja matic have been working out . jose mourinho s side host man united at stamford bridge on saturday .
amol gupta was playing in a match on roosevelt island in april 2013 when he injured himself . gupta suffered a broke nose and elbow , and damaged his spine when he slammed into retaining wall . kickball game was organized by zogsports league .
new york reports 160 hospitalizations related to synthetic marijuana . gov . andrew cuomo issued a health alert .
the two moms from big bang theory guest star this week . backstrom , blue bloods are among the week s season finales . comedy younger is gaining big buzz .
rolando aarons was in contention to play for under 21s on wednesday . the 19 year old newcastle midfielder has suffered another injury setback . the magpies have lost their last five barclays premier league matches .
juan mata scored as manchester united thumped manchester city . victory sends louis van gaal s side four points clear of their rivals in third . manchester united are now just one point adrift of second placed arsenal . mata has challenged his teammates to keep on fighting right to the end .
england needed to beat france in their final euro 2015 qualifier . but goals from sehrou guirassy and gnaly cornet won it for the hosts . late response from fulham s patrick roberts was n t enough .
drug is made from same version of stimulant used to produce bath salts . flakka can be injected , snorted , smoked , or swallowed . it causes euphoria , hallucinations , psychosis and superhuman strength . high lasts for couple hours and users have strong desire to re use . more than 670 flakka occurrences in florida in 2014 , up from 85 in 2012 .
staff at restaurant in chengdu heard crying and found a newborn baby . the tot still had the umbilical cord and placenta attached but was otherwise fine . woman who had been in toilet returned to her table like she was in trance . she was arrested after cctv showed her visiting the restroom .
gang hatched an audacious plot to rob guanghui temple in north china . plan involved renting restaurant across the street and digging 70m tunnel . but before they could breach temple , police were tipped off about the heist . 5 men were arrested including the gang s leader , a well known artefact thief .
the crash occurred at the exotic driving experience at walt disney world speedway . officials say the driver , 24 year old tavon watson , lost control of a lamborghini . passenger gary terry , 36 , died at the scene .
grant allen , 38 , spent 30 , 000 holidaying with girlfriend gaynor godwin . he bought houses in costa del sol as well as in essex and hertfordshire . court heard meat trader hid fraud by funnelling cash into partner s bank . allen was previously jailed for six years for fraud and money laundering .
manchester city face crystal palace on monday night at selhurst park . city remain nine points behind chelsea in the premier league . manuel pellegrini knows his team can not afford to lose any more ground .
tacocannon trends in omaha as excited fans eat up the idea of flying tacos . the cannon will shoot off tacos at university of nebraska omaha s new arena .
police in dallas shot and killed jason harrison last year . a grand jury has decided not to indict the officers . the officers are still facing a civil lawsuit filed by harrison s family .
manny pacquiao continued his high intensity training with a mountain run . filipino fighter is preparing for mega fight with floyd mayweather jnr . fans joined pacquiao as he climbed to the top of the griffith park summit . the mega fight with mayweather jnr is now less than a month away .
roscoe was caught on camera this week at the asheville humane society in north carolina taking some of his first steps . the rescue pup was born with a deformity which caused his front to legs to be bent backwards at the knees .
godfrey elfwick recruited via twitter to appear on world have your say . came after claims he had never seen the star wars franchise before . on the show he described the films as both anti women and anti gay . also said that darth vader was a black man and a really bad racial stereotype .
kell brook will make the second defence of his title in just over two months . he will take on fellow brit frankie gavin at the o2 arena on may 30 . brook stopped jo jo dan in the fourth round in sheffield last month . anthony joshua , lee selby and kevin mitchell will also be on the card . click here for all the latest boxing news .
hawaii s legislature passes a bill raising the legal age for buying tobacco to 21 . the bill is now before gov . david ige , whose signature would make it law . most states allow tobacco sales to anyone 18 and older .
steve bruce has promised wife janet to go on a diet and lose some weight . hull boss was pictured lapping up the sun with pal alan shearer . bruce was enjoying a short holiday during the international break .
head of libyan army tells cnn libyan authorities have not been consulted . gen . khalifa haftar says libya will look after its interests . solution to migration problem requires lifting of sanctions , general says .
midfielder fires a warning to his detractors that he is now back to his best . iniesta ran from his own half to set up neymar s opener in 2 0 win . world cup winner had recorded zero assists this season prior to tuesday . neymar and andres iniesta star men for barca in 2 0 win over psg .
incredible footage of an apocalyptic sandstorm in belarus has gone viral . it shows a city being plunged into darkness as a storm blocks out the sun . the sandstorm caused electricity cuts and forced 100 , 000 people indoors . it brought with it a cold front and heavy rain that damaged buildings .
footage has emerged of i was only 19 being played at an anti islam rally . former redgum frontman john schumann condemned the use of his song . he said he was disappointed to see it used by reclaim australia members . singer said the song was about compassion , tolerance and inclusiveness .
skeletal remains near daytona beach on april 23 , 1990 . the woman was never identified and her murder never solved . new forensic technology has reconstructed a facial image . she was aged between 25 and 40 , about 5 4 and had her hair in pigtails . there is a 5 , 000 reward on offer for relevant information .
dug and owner lindsay castro were hiking in fontana , canada . lindsay heard a rattle sound and backed away but dug ran toward it . snake jumped out , bit him , his face swelled to twice its size . after two days of intensive antidote treatment , he is going home .
ahmed farouq was a leader in al qaeda s india branch . he was killed in a u . s . counterterrorism airstrike in january . like adam gadahn , farouq was american and part of al qaeda .
spanish royals attended memorial for victims of the germanwings plane that crashed in the french alps last month . some 50 spaniards died on the plane which was en route from barcelona to dusseldorf with 150 people on board . queen letizia shook hands and embraced some of the victims relatives and friends with her husband king felipe .
gloucester scored tries though bill meakes , tom savage and jonny may . exeter replied through a solitary elvis taione touchdown . the cherry and whites will contest their first european title since 2006 .
raheem sterling was pictured on social media smoking from a shisha pipe . the revealing image was accompanied with the caption 1 down 3 to go . the liverpool star recently turned down a 100 , 000 a week deal with reds . sterling is the second england midfielder to be snapped smoking a shisha this year alongside jack wilshere .
amnesty calls for probe of india police shooting of 20 suspected smugglers . police decline comment , saying investigation is still going on . india s national human rights commission says incident involved serious violation of human rights of the individuals . .
uefa will make a decision on september s match on may 21 . scotland are set to face georgia in tbilisi on september 4 . uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against the georgian football federation following recent crowd trouble . georgia fans twice invaded the field of play during sunday s 2 0 defeat to germany in tbilisi . scotland currently sit third in group d , a point behind leaders poland .
models like cindy crawford and jerry hall were huge stars in 80s and 90s . they walked for all of the biggest designers , including chanel and armani . their daughters are now becoming the toast of the fashion world . femail looks at the new breed of supermodel daughters .
rafael nadal was pushed all the way by john isner in monte carlo . roger federer , however , was knocked out in straight sets by gael monfils . grigor dimitrov is monfils next opponent after beating stanislas warwinka .
officials start to clean up scores of dead fish from the lagoon rodrigo de freitas . pollution was a problem even before the preparations for the olympic games began . last week video showed a separate incident , where floating trash caused a sailing accident .
marvel s long awaited show daredevil began streaming early friday . binge watchers are already giving the series high marks .
rick santorum says religious freedom debate is about government telling people what to do . santorum , a likely 2016 gop presidential candidate , weighs in on indiana gov . mike pence s decision .
steven and sarah nick are facing a combined total of 15 felony charges . accused of embezzling more than 50 , 000 to stockpile arsenal of weapons . said to include 50 caliber machine gun and sniper rifle with suppressor . weapons were legally owned but bought using stolen money , police say .
the died of cancer at his home in santa monica , california . he usually took a back seat to the younger , more glamorous characters on the show .
celtic considering bids for dundee united s john souttar and nadir ciftci . midfielder souttar and striker ciftci likely to cost celtic around 1 . 5 million . celtic signed stuart armstrong and gary mackay steven in january .
florida a m drum major robert champion died in 2011 after a hazing ritual aboard a bus . a jury convicted the last three defendants of manslaughter and hazing with the result of death .
milk is main source of iodine in british diet , providing 40 of daily intake . academics say switching to organic milk could significantly impact health . uht longlife milk was also found to have similarly low levels of the mineral .
nepali pranksters make hidden camera videos of awkward social situations . the three person team was filming as the nepal earthquake began .
the terror attacks in india left more than 160 people dead . a court granted the suspect bail last year .
linda mclean was in her elementary school classroom in tiny halfway , oregon in 2013 when she was surprised by a man in a mask with a gun .
michael carrick impressed during england s draw with italy last week . but the midfielder has been ordinary in his nine competitive starts . england won four of those ecuador , san marino , poland and lithuania . england bosses consistently preferred steven gerrard or frank lampard .
valbona yzeiraj , of white plains , new york , was arrested on thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault . authorities said the 45 year old woman , from white plains , did injections in people s mouths and performed root canals . when her boss was out , she allegedly pulled on a white coat and called herself dr val .
kim woodward has been appointed head chef at world famous restaurant . art deco grill has fed prime ministers , musicians and actors for decades . yet masterchef runner up is the first woman to hold the sought after role . has said masculine culinary traditions like daily roast trolley to continue .
calls for lee wan koo to resign began after south korean tycoon sung woan jong was found hanging from a tree in seoul . sung , who was under investigation for fraud and bribery , left a note listing names and amounts of cash given to top officials .
here are six of cnn s best videos of the week . clips include a look at mike tyson s abandoned mansion .
an ill female health worker is being treated for ebola on friday . she s been admitted to canberra hospital after returning from west africa . the unnamed woman was working at an ebola treatment clinic in liberia . it s understood the woman did not treat any cases of ebola overseas . she s being treated in isolation under the hospital s ebola protocol . the results of the ebola test are expected to be known within 72 hours .
loganair aberdeen to shetland flight struck by lightning on approach . plunged to just 1 , 100 ft above the ocean before pilot regained control . probe found autopilot ignored pilot s commands to climb and tried to crash .
natal s dunas arena , which held four world cup matches , is up for sale . its owners are suffering from cash flow problems after a corruption scandal . the company is also selling a 50 percent share of salvador s fonte nova arena , which held six matches last summer .
arsenal host liverpool in explosive return from international football . manchester united feature at saturday 3pm when they take on aston villa . league leaders chelsea welcome stoke city in saturday evening kick off . barclays premier league champions manchester city travel to crystal palace for monday night football . sunderland and newcastle united clash in wear tyne derby on sunday .
mohammad hafeez was banned from bowling after being reported for a suspect action . the pakistan all rounder then injured his calf and missed out on world cup . but the off spinner has recovered from the injury and can bowl again .
derry mathews handed a unanimous points decision at the echo arena . tony luis was drafted in after richar abril and ismael barroso pulled out .
drake thanks madonna and says he got to make out with the queen . singer madonna kisses rapper drake onstage at coachella . drake s reaction was priceless , according to the web .
northern ireland beat finland 2 1 in their euro 2016 qualifier on sunday . northern ireland host romania next in june at windsor park . match at venue is dependent on structural engineers damage assessment . windsor park s west stand suffered damage on monday night .
phone appointments replaced by doctors seeing patients on video calls . repeat prescriptions and booking appointments could also go online . 250million from sale of nhs assets to create a paperless health service .
four brown leatherette bean bags placed in library at ickworth house . furniture dating nearly 200 years removed to make way for bean bags . designed to encourage visitors to dwell and take in atmosphere . art historian brands the experiment patronising nonsense .
welsh wizard gareth bale opened the scoring in sunday s stunning win . real madrid put nine goals past granada to keep pressure on barcelona . bale treated himself to a bbq in the spanish sun following victory . cristiano ronaldo scored five goals in the sensational team performance .
a new york city woman caught a man robbing her apartment after he was captured on her cat camera . the woman is now thrilled she purchased the 200 device and has handed the video over to police . the thief took her laptop , jewelry and a digital camera .
marriam seddiq ensured models were turning heads on the catwalk . part of the st george new gen show of six up and coming designers . collection featured sheer fabric and racily cut designs . the raffles international showcase also caused a stir with racy designs . any step showed a dress made of just leather straps and buckles .
arsenal target joe gomez is one of the most wanted british youngsters . he has enjoyed a breakthrough season at charlton and is rated at 8m . gomez is currently playing at right back but could be a centre half . manchester city want more young english players and are arsenal s biggest threat .
ulysses beaudoin , 39 , of texas , allegedly shot his son , ulysses nelson , twice in the back . officials say he then threatened his 18 year old son with 9mm handgun . beaudoin and his girlfriend fled from the scene but were tracked down . the father was seen weeping and muttering , my baby , as he was being handcuffed .
dani alves , neymar and adriano celebrated their victory over celta vigo . the flamboyant brazilian s all wore matching double denim outfits . jeremy mathieu says barcelona were poor throughout the game . the frenchman praised his defensive partner gerard pique for his display . click here for all the latest barcelona news .
patrice evra enjoyed eight years at old trafford before joining juventus . claims sir alex ferguson spoke to him before leaving in 2013 . ferguson said him and ryan giggs would make great coaches one day . giggs is currently louis van gaal s assistant at manchester united . evra says he has already taken some of his coaching badges .
paige chivers was aged 15 when she disappeared from blackpool home . despite police appeals and a 12 , 000 reward , she has never been found . robert ewing is on trial accused of murdering schoolgirl in august 2007 . his friend gareth dewhurst is accused of assisting in disposing of body .
frausters try and raise money off stacey eden s high profile . ms eden stood up for a muslim couple being abused on a sydney train . daily mail australia published video of the incident on thursday . all i want is good karma , ms eden said on social media . bizarre fake profile said she had been inundated with offers of donations .
jack wilshere captained arsenal under 21s against reading under 21s . gunners first team players abou diaby and serge gnabry also featured . niall keown scored with a header for the royals after only eight minutes .
jessica carey had her grandmother s portrait tattooed on her forearm . she then drove almost four hours to surprise her grandmother with it . her grandmother patty lawing s priceless reaction is captured on film .
england beat south africa 21 14 in the final at the prince chichibu ground . england had n t won a tournament since wellington in february 2013 . phil burgess , charlie hayter and tom mitchell scored england s tries . win puts england fourth in series into the final olympic qualifying spot .
man got into a dispute with bartenders at a bar in port st lucie in miami . he was kicked out then returned with cup of gasoline , poured on bouncer . bouncer chased the man , who then set him on fire .
made in chelsea star binky felstead , 24 , stars in street style video . shares five must haves to always be in fashion in london s sw3 area . statement jewellery , cashmere and a biker jacket are fashion essentials .
an axe wielding robber has been jailed for attempting to rob a corner shop . but he failed after he was held and hit with a baseball bat by shopkeepers . he was later revealed to be a juvenile offender nicknamed boomerang boy . shaun andrew mckerry , 31 , had been arrested 80 times by the age of 15 .
kansas spotters report at least four tornadoes . potosi , missouri , sees wind damage to roofs and some flooding . thursday s forecast calls for more storms but to the east .
some 45 per cent of under 30s surveyed said they had painful back or neck . survey by british chiropractic association showed a 28 per cent yearly rise . as gadgets get smaller , users lean over them adding pressure on the neck .
the total eclipse will only last 4 minutes and 43 seconds . people west of the mississippi river will have the best view . parts of south america , india , china and russia also will see the eclipse .
footage shows best friends carmarie and kanya sat buckled up in the device at the indy speedway park on panama city beach in florida . at the start they appear to be pretty calm but when the carriage tilts back and fires 300ft high panic sets in . at one point carmarie who appears to be older tells kanya if i die , tell my mama i love her . to date the clip of their traumatic theme park outing has been watched more than 17 million times on facebook .
the film is out in theaters today . co star paul walker died during production . critics say furious 7 is bittersweet and plenty of crazy fun .
floyd mayweather will fight manny pacquiao on may 2 in las vegas . the fight will be the biggest event in the history of boxing . mayweather took time out of training to pose for picture with gladys knight . pacquiao arrives in las vegas ahead of showdown with mayweather . click here for all the latest manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather news .
tickets for the fight in las vegas go on sale on thursday night . around 1000 tickets will be on sale priced between 1 , 500 and 7 , 500 each . the mgm grand has a capacity of 16 , 500 but most of the tickets will be split between mayweather and pacquiao s camps and the tv broadcasters . up to 50 , 000 tickets for closed circuit viewing will also be on sale . jeff powell mayweather s now the mature man who weighs words carefully .
chelsea are six points clear with a game in hand in the premier league . they have led the title race since a brilliant start to the season in august . cesar azpilicueta feels that consistency puts them in pole position to win .
a man contacted police after noticing he was driving in front of the truck that had been stolen from him earlier that morning , police said . the truck was swiped on victim s birthday . police attempted to stop the stolen vehicle but the driver , 29 year old terry proctor of piedmont , alabama , did not stop , leading to a pursuit . the driver crashed the vehicle and was ejected as the truck rolled over . proctor was captured after a foot chase and was booked into a jail .
manny pacquiao posed for a picture with jeremy lin and mario lopez . the filipino took to instagram to post snap of his ripped physique . pacquiao is counting down the days until the blessed event in las vegas . read floyd mayweather admits he no longer enjoys boxing . click here to watch pacquiao s open media workout live .
cyle larin set orlando city on their way to earning all three points . larin scored his first professional goal in the first half at providence park . brazilian kaka wrapped up the win when he scored a late penalty . second away win of the season sends orlando city third in the league .
liverpool great steve heighway predicted great things for steven gerrard . gerrard was described as an outstanding talent by heighway . the liverpool captain has become of the clubs greatest ever players . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
the dog named foxxy cleopatra jumps around excitedly . while the reptile called ryuu appears to be disinterested . suddenly the bearded dragon starts chasing after the dog . video maker said the pair seriously love to play together .
train suddenly stopped on 7 line between queens and manhattan . passengers evacuated to grand central station with rescue train . riders spent roughly and hour and a half trapped underground . no injuries , though one woman requested attention after feeling faint .
kevin pietersen took part in a net session at the oval on monday . he is expected to play in three day game against oxford mccu on april 12 . pietersen has returned to county game to boost chances of england recall .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are two weeks away from fighting . their 300million bout will be the richest in the history of boxing . both men spent time with those closest to them over the weekend . they are both starting their final week of hard training .
gerard pique will be making his 300th barcelona appearance against psg . the 28 year old joined the spanish giants in 2008 from manchester united . pique is poised to star in barca s champions league quarter final with psg .
lawyers for the parents of michael brown announced wednesday night that they planned to file a civil lawsuit against the city of ferguson . attorneys for the family said in a statement wednesday night that the wrongful death lawsuit would be filed thursday . brown was unarmed when he was fatally shot by a white police officer in a st . louis suburb in august 2014 . the shooting led to sometimes violent protests and spawned a national black lives matter movement calling for changes in how police deal with minorities .
lyon star nabil fekir has attracted interest from premier league clubs . frontman s father believes fekir would progress and develop at arsenal . however , fekir snr thinks his son would be stuck on bench at man city .
paul smith will take on andre ward on june 20 in california . ward s wba super middleweight title will not be on the line . smith is coming off back to back world title defeats by arthur abraham . ward has not fought since he beat edwin rodriquez in november 2013 .
fatu kekula , 23 , saved most of her family from ebola . thanks to donors , she is being trained at emory university . kekula was one year away from finishing a nursing degree when ebola struck .
england women s under 19 s came from behind to secure impressive win . mo marley s side smashed nine past northern ireland womens under 19s . manchester city striker natasha flint bagged a first half hat trick in the win . however , it is still touch and go as to whether england qualify for euros .
kenyans use hashtag 147notjustanumber to honor victims of kenya university attack . the attack killed 142 students , three security officers and two university security personnel .
holly nicole solomon , now 31 , hit husband in mesa , arizona , parking lot . she was mad he did n t vote because they would face hardship with obama . husband had tried to hide by light pole but she drove in circles to hit him . solomon accepted plea deal that will send her to prison for 3 1 2 years . she originally pleaded not guilty and said she meant to hit brakes .
classic comic book the dark knight returns is getting a second sequel . legendary comics writer frank miller is returning to the story that made him famous .
the official advert for the pay per view fight has been released . floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao meet on may 2 in las vegas . the advert shows them squaring up with the mgm grand visible behind . amir khan mayweather and pacquiao have n t heard of kell brook . freddie roach pacquiao will knock mayweather out . click here for all the latest mayweather vs pacquiao fight news .
qasr al farid or the lonely castle has been standing strong since the first century ad . the single rock tomb is incomplete and abandoned , but fascinatingly reveals structures were carved from top down . the striking castle is one of 131 tombs from the nabatean kingdom , located in the al ula sector .
spoiler alert maid gives birth to baby on sunday s episode . only announced she was pregnant with poldark s baby last week .
unnamed man was found dead from an apparent self inflicted wound around 5 p . m . on sunday . incident happened near the buffet at the m resort spa and casino in henderson , nevada . witness describe hearing a large boom and then seeing a man lying on the ground with a pool of blood surrounding his salt and pepper hair . a car fire was reported at the same time in the parking garage , and police are investigating if the two incidents are related .
justin rose posted photo on twitter of his high tech indoor simulator . the technology is worth 30 , 000 and offers player high definition golf . rose impressed during masters 2015 and finished in joint second .
gerlayn ganci , 32 , repeatedly asked for sex by boss raymond townsend . long island s us limousine and manager to pay 700 , 000 after firing . townsend sent text explaining reason was refused to have sex with him . married manager told her to come over when his wife was away .
newcastle united face swansea at st james park on saturday . the magpies have lost their last six barclays premier league games . fans group ashleyout . com have asked supporters to stand in 34th minute . swansea are unbeaten in their three premier league visits to newcastle .
a collection of 750 items belonging to legendary actress lauren bacall has been auctioned off at bonhams in new york . highlights from the lot , which fetched 3 . 6 million , include bronze sculptures , jewelry , and a number of decorative arts and paintings .
chelsea travel to arsenal as they close in on the premier league title . eden hazard has scored 13 goals during another impressive season . ex man united star paul scholes says hazard needs to be more ruthless . then he ll compete with cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi , says scholes .
former first lady told white house usher she wanted to see him alone . new book makes claims she spent hours reading and looking heartbroken . president bill clinton admitted to affair with monica lewinsky that year . account is by former white house correspondent for bloomberg news .
rangers lost first game under new boss stuart mccall on thursday . slumped to disappointing 3 0 defeat at hands of queen of the south . had recorded recent victories over hearts and hibernian .
the queen s granddaughter is vying for a spot on team gb in 2016 . she gave birth to her daughter , mia grace , in january last year . to regain her fitness zara , 33 , uses an exercise bike every morning . she sticks to a healthy diet and also goes swimming and cycling .
andre schurrle and mario gotze enjoyed evening out with girlfriends . germany duo were joined by montana yorke and ann kathrin broemmel . schurrle and gotze both enjoyed bundesliga victories on saturday .
professor ninian peckitt allegedly punched man who had been in accident . honorary locum consultant at ipswich hospital at time of alleged incident . he later wrote patient s face was digitally manipulated in february 2012 . the 63 year old charged with three counts at tribunal and may be struck off .
presley first wore suit in public on march 28 , 1957 , during a performance . will be on display at the o2 from sunday alongside other artefacts .
lewis hamilton and nico rosberg to renew f1 title rivalry at bahrain gp . tensions rose in china after rosberg accused hamilton of being selfish . but mercedes boss toto wolff is confident the matter has been laid to rest . hamilton heads into the race in bahrain leading the world championship .
roger federer believes rafael nadal is still the favourite for roland garros . world no 1 novak djokovic has lost just two matches this year . but federer feels that nine time champion nadal is still the man to beat . federer is competing in the inaugural istanbul open this week .
six protesters scale the polar pioneer , hundreds of miles northwest of hawaii . greenpeace opposes shell s plans to drill for oil in the arctic .
next month s visit to moscow by the north korean leader is off . this victory day marks the 70 years since the soviet victory over germany in world war ii .
the vancouver born actor was not injured in friday s incident , police said . he was walking in an underground hotel parking garage during hit and run .
japanese man pays for his cheating ways with his prized gadget collection . scorned girlfriend takes snaps of apple bath and sends them to him . photos of soaked imac , iphones , ipads and accessories go viral on twitter .
joanna goodall forged signatures for cash refunds at a premier inn . bosses noticed high level of refunds and cctv which showed goodall taking money from the till . the pregnant 30 year old admitted thefts at newcastle crown court . goodall , of newcastle , was given a nine month suspended sentence .
megumi igarashi makes pieces of art that are modelled on her vagina . her case has sparked accusations of heavy handed censorship . the data for female genitals is not obsence , she told a tokyo court .
dr julie epstein has been found guilty of medical misconduct . the sydney anti ageing doctor was inappropriately prescribing drugs . steroids and human growth hormone were being given to patients . nsw civil and administrative tribunal said she was irresponsible .
martin alvarado , jr . , was looking after edwin o reilly on thursday and became enraged when the child urinated on him as he changed his diaper . he confessed to police that he repeatedly struck the boy , killing him . alvarado is being held without bail on a first degree murder charge .
jose mourinho has spoken about his first meeting with sir alex ferguson . mourinho s porto beat manchester united in the 2004 champions league . the portuguese says fergie s respect in defeat has influenced him . mourinho i have a problem , i am getting better and better . read mourinho sides with arsene wenger in ballon d or opposition .
evangelos patoulidis also attracted interest from barcelona and arsenal . anderlecht rejected a move to barcelona when he was 12 . city in talks with anderlecht chief roger vanden stock to complete a deal .
siyanda ngwenya accused of attacking the woman while she was asleep . he boasted to housemates they had sex after night of drunken partying . woman reportedly shocked by claims and said she did not consent to sex . fans of the show have questioned the woman s claims that she was raped .
tayfun korkut was fired by hannover after the 4 0 defeat by bayer leverkusen on saturday left the club near the relegation zone . michael frontzek will take charge of hannover for the rest of the season . hannover are currently 15th in the bundesliga table and are on a torrid run of 13 games without a win .
steve harmison took job with local club ashington afc in january . northern league division one side have won their last seven games . michael vaughan says mike ashley should be watching out at newcastle . john carver s side were beaten 1 0 by local rivals sunderland on sunday .
jason mcdonald has over 10 years of experience as an alligator handler . walked slackline over pool of 50 reptiles as new way to interact with them . crematory manager volunteers part time at the gator farm in colorado . footage shows him precariously balancing on rope as reptiles watch .
yeovil town drew 1 1 with notts county at huish park on saturday . result condemned yeovil to relegation from league one . paul sturrock was appointed as yeovil s latest manager on thursday .
former arsenal defender impressed by chilean star s debut season . says sanchez would be close to winning a place in best gunners teams . arsenal are second in premier league after eight match winning run . they also face reading this saturday in semi finals of fa cup . read arsenal have doubts over signing liverpool star sterling .
caroline wozniacki took to twitter to congratulate golfer jordan spieth . spieth won the first major of his career at the masters in augusta . but fans were quick to question wozniacki s motives following his win . many asked whether it was a dig at former fiancee rory mcilroy . click here for more news and reaction to masters 2015 .
head of the geelong college was photographed watching porn at work . an investigation was launched after the photo was shared on snapchat . andrew barr has resigned from his position as principal . the college council have called his actions a breach of our standards .
arda turan was pictured in the cockpit of a turkish airlines flight . he used the pa to announce his congratulations after team s 2 1 win . crew are facing sanctions because only pilots should be at controls . image comes amid heightened safety concerns after alps plane crash .
medics told the family of margaret hesketh she was riddled with tumours . relatives say she was then put on discredited treatment for the dying . had fluid and nutrition drips removed six days before she passed away . family say post mortem exam found no sign of cancer in the grandmother .
esteban cambiasso signed a one year deal at leicester city last summer . delhi dynamos want to bring him to the new indian super league season . nigel pearson would like to keep him at the club if leicester stay up .
joe anderson , 56 , earns 80 , 000 in full time job as the mayor of liverpool . was also taking annual payments of 4 , 500 from chesterfield high school . when school stopped payouts , he tried to sue them for discrimination . appeal tribunal rejected claim he was punished for belief in public service .
store manager claims detective ian cyrus was caught on camera stealing . new york detectives were arresting workers for selling untaxed cigarettes . he s been suspended without pay and his supervisor placed on desk duty .
kimberly dianne richardson , 25 , was rushed to hospital in raleigh , north carolina , but died in the early hours of sunday . daniel steele , 25 , has been arrested and charged with murder . richardson was six months pregnant and her child a girl was safely delivered at a local hospital .
lionel messi has played at celtic park three times with barcelona to date . celtic failed to qualify for the champions league this season . barcelona face psg in the champions league quarter finals this campaign .
arsenal in advanced talks with velez sarsfield over deal for maxi romero . the 16 year old wonderkid has been dubbed the next lionel messi . romero is expected to remain with velez on loan for at least two seasons . velez president confirmed arsenal have made a big offer for the player . romero s agent revealed he has met twice with arsene wenger in london .
those named nigel are twice as likely to vote ukip , according to research . the three names most likely to vote tory are charlotte , fiona and pauline . and those named michelle , june or andy are likely to vote for labour .
striker given maurico pochettino s blessing to play for england under 21s . roy hodgson has confirmed the kane will be in gareth southgate s european championship squad . kane is also set to travel to australia and malaysia this summer ahead of the championships .
scott suggs , 28 , and brandy kangas , 36 , locked three children in room . room was sparsely furnished and stained with human urine and feces . girls , three and four , and 17 month old boy were fed meals through gate . couple were arrested after police received anonymous tip about abuse . both given six year suspended sentences after admitting child neglect . victims , who lacked social skills when found by police , are now in care .
the incident occurred on april 7 north of poland in the baltic sea . u . s . says plane was in international airspace . russia says it had transponder turned off and was flying toward russia .
liverpool take on aston villa on sunday for a place in the fa cup final . brendan rodgers is leading liverpool at wembley for the first time . the manager wants to ingrain a trophy winning habit into his players .
phil mickelson holds a one shot lead going into day three of houston open . mickelson has struggled for form , carding an 82 earlier in the season . tiger woods confirmed his participation at the masters on friday .
bbc makes online game about syrian refugees trying to escape to europe . sickening game often ends with migrants drowning in the mediterranean . other outcomes see women refugees sold to militia or abandoned in libya . bbc slammed for turning the suffering of millions into a children s game .
st mary s hospital in west london is the first choice of venue for the birth . but royal berkshire in reading and queen elizabeth in norfolk on standby . plans in case kate goes into labour while visiting parents or country estate .
porto host bayern munich in their champions league quarter final first leg . the match on wednesday brings together the two highest scoring teams . managers julen lopetegui and pep guardiola were barcelona team mates . lopetegui said his side is still evolving with new talent from the summer .
ashley young scored manchester united equaliser in 4 2 win . we quietened them down straight away claims young , as he praises fans . young claims the game was over once united went 3 1 ahead . england winger says confidence at old trafford is now sky high . click here to read ian ladyman s match report from old trafford . read man utd runaway league leaders in table vs the current top seven .
max is a husky corgi cross and measures 18 . 5 in from foot to shoulder . he has become a favourite with staff at the dogs trust in basildon , essex . unbelievably , he has been abandoned and is now looking for a home . to find out more about max , call the dogs trust on 0300 303 0292 or visit dogstrust . org . uk . .
an anonymous waitress revealed how john key kept pulling her hair . she wrote in a blog that she gained unwanted attention from him last year . the woman had been working at a cafe frequented by mr key and his wife . she said mr key kept touching her hair despite being told to stop . the prime minister defended his actions , saying he had already apologised . he also said his pranks were all in the context of a bit of banter . the waitress was reportedly working at a cafe called rosie in parnell , east of auckland .
woman was attacked as she closed restaurant in shandong , china . her self defence training pays off as she overpowers the would be rapist . attacker strikes again outside restaurant but manager escapes unhurt .
leia , an eight month old boxer from pennsylvania , was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby s pacifier . footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep . to date the video of leia has garnered more than 145 , 000 likes on facebook , with many viewers deeming the scene cute and adorable .
adriana giogiosa , 55 , was reported missing after flying back to madrid . police searched majadahonda flat she was staying in and arrested landlord . they found blood stains , a knife and an industrial meat grinder at house . officers are searching for three other missing tenants and the man s aunt .
the 23 year old has become an integral part of arsenal s starting xi . francis coquelin was on loan at charlton earlier in the season . arsenal face liverpool at the emirates on saturday in a crucial clash .
airline visual identity 1945 1975 revisits a time when the skies were dominated by now defunct airlines . at that time flying was an exclusive experience and passengers wore their best clothes . adverts feature drawings or photos of beautiful women , famous landmarks and natural beauty spots . the book , published by berlin based callisto publishers , celebrates the creative genius of the designers .
lance futch , 26 , was shocked to discover that his informal meeting with a federal official to discuss jobs for veterans was actually with president barack obama . if i had known it was my commander in chief , i definitely would have been wearing my blues , said futch , referring to his national guard dress uniform . futch works for utah solar energy company vivant solar and discussed with the president whether the field offered stable career paths for veterans .
current man utd boss louis van gaal was in charge of bayern munich from 2009 to 2011 . franck ribery considered leaving after van gaal lost his trust . he does great things on the pitch but the coach van gaal was a bad man . . van gaal is currently impressing as manchester united manager . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
response across social media led to multiple trending topics for hillary clinton s presidential announcement . some responded to her video and her new campaign logo .
sign was erected outside university building in portugal place , cambridge . but the message , in two classical languages , has been branded as elitist . one expert has claimed that there are inaccuracies in the greek warning .
audrey nethery , from kentucky , suffers from diamond blackfan anemia . the youngster has already undergone 20 blood transfusions because her body does n t produce enough red blood cells . a video of audrey dancing at her zumba class has had nearly three million views and raised vital funds for the diamond blackfan anemia foundation .
pet cat marv became stuck in five inch gap between two garages in bristol . marv was stuck upside down in the small enclosed space for two hours . firefighters were forced to chisel through a wall in order to free him . he was then reunited with his owners and luckily was uninjured .
robert lewandowski scored twice as bayern munich claimed 3 0 victory . thomas muller scored with eight minutes remaining to complete win . bayern munich maintained their lead at the top of the bundesliga .
siem de jong signed for newcastle last summer from dutch giants ajax . de jong has been plagued by injuries , playing just three senior games . the 6m summer signing is ready to return to the newcastle first team . newcastle are on a five match losing run in the premier league .
gary cahill has won four cup competitions since joining chelsea . the defender could win the league for the first time this season . cahill believes league glory would be his toughest achievement yet .
khalid rashad , 61 , charged by police investigating death of syrian iman . preacher abdul hadi arwani found shot dead in his car in wembley in april . leslie cooper , 36 , has already appeared in court accused of murder .
salford city clinched the evo stik league first division north title . darlington 1883 s failure to beat warrington saw them win without playing . paul scholes , nicky butt , ryan giggs and the neville brothers are co owners of the club and will be delighted with the instant success .
arsenal and juventus have reportedly bid for palermo s paolo dybala . argentine forward says final 10 games of season could be his last for club . arsene wenger denies interest but arsenal are said to be his first choice . dybala scored his 13th goal of serie a campaign on saturday .
new belgium brewery will make a beer inspired by ben jerry s ice cream . it will be called salted caramel brownie .
us viewers will have to pay up to 100 67 . 48 to watch the fight . hbo and showtime confirmed recommended price of 89 . 95 60 . 70 . hd surcharge of 10 could be added on by tv providers . sky box office will show fight in the uk at a cost of 19 . 95 .
khalid saeed batarfi was freed from a yemeni prison by al qaeda this week . terrorist commander was today pictured inside mukalla governor s palace . he was seen pretending to be on the telephone as he wielded an ak 47 . batarfi led extremists in battle with government forces before he was jailed .
rspca inspectors called numerous times by worried bristol residents . they found a horse in a narrow alleyway and another chained to ground . animals have now been moved on following rspca advice to owners . locals estimated animals had been living in poor conditions for a month .
joel burger and ashley king have known each other since kindergarten . they started dating five years ago , friends having stopped ribbing them . insist they are embracing the playful nickname burger king . plan to serve drinks at wedding in personalized burger king cups .
three people shot , one man in custody , city spokesman says . hundreds of demonstrators gathered in support of protests in baltimore . police not sure if shootings are related to protests , spokesman says .
65 year old david atherton shocked to discover the black and white reptile . he placed it inside a plastic food recycling box while waiting for the police . his sister is so scared of snakes she had heart problems when she heard . influx of snakes is common in april when weather is warmer , rspca says .
durst arrested in march for california murder of friend susan berman . authorities found map of florida and cuba along with cash and drugs . lawyers say that money not needed for evidence in charges against client . durst faces state and federal gun charges before extradition for murder .
flat in trendy area of peckham , south east london , up for rent with a leak . gumtree advert informs people looking at double room that ceiling drips . as a result the room in otherwise modern flat is available for just 400 pcm . over the last year and a half peckham has witnessed a boom in rent prices .
javier hernandez has four goals in four in all competitions for real madrid . the striker is on loan at the spanish club from manchester united . carlo ancelotti will make a decision on his future during the summer . read hernandez has won bid to make loan move permanent .
tiger woods have fun , enjoy it , and do n t win . . woods made it a family outing with girlfriend lindsey vonn at his side , and his children , charlie and sam , caddying for him . woods played in the par 3 contest for the first time since 2004 . click here for all the latest from the masters 2015 .
man proposes to his girlfriend in front of the food counter . she quickly says yes and they engage in a passionate embrace . woman was wearing her mcdonald s uniform when he proposed .
jose callejon finished a neat one on one to send napoli on way to victory . antonio balzano scored a bizarre own goal to double the away side s lead . substitute manolo gabbiadini scored minutes after coming on for a third . christian maggio earned a second half red card but napoli grabbed victory .
the great grey owl was pictured swooping on the tiny rodent in ontario , canada , by a wildlife photographer . with soft feathers and heightened hearing , the bird is known as a deadly predator of mice and other small animals . it stalked its prey from snowy treetops before swooping down on it , unheard until the very last minute .
andrea dossena arrested on suspicion of shoplifting on tuesday . italian dossena was later bailed with a 31 year old woman . the 33 year old plays for league one strugglers leyton orient . dossena was informed by police on april 10 that no further action would be taken in relation to the incident . since publication of this article , representatives for the player have informed us that the incident was down to an oversight when he forgot to pay for honey and dried beef . .
fritz the golden retriever from california has made quite a name for himself with his inability to catch . his youtube channel boasts more than five million hits . other videos show him being thrown steak , tacos , bread rolls , pizza and donuts , with misses every time .
masked men have robbed three pittsburgh area banks at gunpoint . one of the criminals has a holster and uses police weapon safety method . thefts are becoming more violent , robbers have threatened kidnapping .
one in ten thinking about moving to countries where the pay is higher . poll of 15 , 560 family doctors finds 1 in 6 is considering going part time . bma survey also reveals 7 of gps are contemplating quitting altogether . benefited from pay deal ten years ago that saw salaries increase by 50 .
adam federici lets alexis sanchez s extra time effort through his legs . sanchez s goal made it 2 1 to arsenal who will now play in the fa cup final . federici left inconsolable after error but says he will come back stronger .
x men original character bobby iceman drake is revealed to be gay in latest issue . all new x men no . 40 has psychic jean grey discovering drake s sexuality . iceman has been in marvel comics for over 50 years .
ford announced at a press conference on thursday that he will undergo a 8 10 hour surgery to remove a tumor on may 11 . he was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma a rare type of soft tissue cancer that begins in fat cells or fatty tissue last year . he had refused to step down as mayor in light of his crack and alcohol binges , but the diagnosis forced him to give up the role . but he ran for his old seat in city council and won .
dozens of people clambering around debris of dharahara tower in kathmandu to take selfies in front of wreckage . taking pictures amongst rubble of historic nine storey structure , which has been reduced to pile of red brick dust . but one rescuer said those taking photographs of themselves and friends were not understanding the tragedy . not clear how many people were killed in tower in quake hit city , but it was said to have been filled with tourists .
premier league clubs on alert after shock reports from germany . klopp has told dortmund bosses he wants to leave in the summer . press conference has been scheduled for 12 . 30 pm . the 47 year old has been linked to arsenal and man city jobs . klopp has won two league titles and the german cup in seven years there . breaking news klopp confirms he will leave dortmund in the summer .
reading university researcher says bees prefer cities to fields . expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population . wildlife sites in four english counties saw bee species decrease . reason is likely due to wide variety of flowering plants in urban areas .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao go toe to toe on may 2 in vegas . pacquiao shared a video of his morning run as he continued his training . mayweather also shared a video of his late night training routine . read muhammad ali hopes pacquiao beats mayweather . click here for the latest pacquiao vs mayweather news .
john helinski s id and social security cards had been stolen . his case worker and a cop had to get foreign id papers to get him a driver s license . then helinski remembered a bank account he used to have .
group of young thugs are terrorising high green estate in sheffield . youngsters are using bb guns and air rifles to shoot at cars and homes . terrified residents on estate say they are being held to ransom by yobs . claim woman was shot at and concerned someone will be seriously injured .
amir khan took his family to an adventure park in northern california . khan posed alongside a rare white tiger as well as a giraffe and sea lion . earlier this week the bolton born fighter announced his return to the ring . khan will take on former light welterweight world champion chris algieri .
authorities identify the deceased passenger as 36 year old gary terry . authorities say the driver , 24 year old tavon watson , lost control of a lamborghini . the crash occurred at the exotic driving experience at walt disney world speedway .
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named elliot with kisses . despite the infant s best efforts , gemma keeps licking away . other videos show the animal is clearly used to being around children .
roseanne barr told the daily beast that she is slowly going blind . barr said she has macular degeneration and glaucoma .
esteban cambiasso helped his side claim a vital victory against west ham . cambiasso scored opening goal in leicester s 2 1 win over the hammers . nigel pearson has backed the argentinian to lift leicester out of drop zone . the foxes are bottom of the premier league table with 22 points .
the cafe is named cats and people and is based in moscow . customers can bring their own cat or rent one while they are there . all of the cats were rescued and have been vaccinated and chipped . the cafe was influenced by cat friendly establishments in far eat asia .
alan roberts wrote to bournemouth borough council about fly tipping . 65 year old signed off his email with that s why i ll be voting ukip . councillor ben grower responded and said he would delete further emails .
davion only took to the pulpit to find a forever home . after some setbacks , his family is set to make it official in april .
carlos boente , 33 , was serving time in prison for harassment type offences . he began contacting the victim after receiving her number from a cellmate . she spoke to him out of sympathy , but the messages turned threatening . he started telling her she was going to die and threatening her child .
a 250 , 00 lamborghini supercar hit a tree and then smashed into a bollard . the car crashed just metres from a primary school and wheel flew off . wheel narrowly missed martin johnson and granddaughter charly pennett . owner apparently got out and joked he would buy a new one tomorrow .
lucy scott is an edinburgh born illustrator and mother of one . after having first child , lois , in 2012 , she decided to create honest book . doodle diary of a new mom looks at chaotic , realistic aspects .
beer made from waste gathered by sewage treatment firm in oregon , us . alcohol regulators in the state approved production of up to ten barrels . beer brewed to raise awareness of the reusable nature of all water .
sam allardyce had his chance with west ham but has failed to take it . allardyce s reputation is that of a man who guarantees top flight survival . yet west ham have been playing relegation football since christmas . they must go to the olympic stadium with more than survival as the aim . napoli manager rafael benitez could be persuaded back to english football .
amanda lamb stars in the new fragrance campaign for air wick . she is captured in the plush shoot by vogue photographer willy camden . she offers tips on home improvements in a special video .
bayern munich have only scored once in their last three games . they needed penalties to beat bayer leverkusen in the german cup . guardiola feels munich miss arjen robben and franck ribery .
lazio closed the gap on leaders juventus with 4 0 thumping of empoli . win sees lazio leapfrog rivals roma into second place 12 points off juve . napoli smashed three past fiorentina to comfortably regain fourth place . palermo earned just their second away win of the season with udinese win .
jessica kemp , 32 , has slammed seminole county elementary in eustis . faculty have threatened to remove her kindergartner son logan . claims the oils aide him and have n t caused problems before . school district have said they will not suspend him as it s a health issue .
chelsea flop kevin de bruyne has been linked with bayern munch . the belgian is touted has a possible replacement for franck ribery . ribery said de bruyne s is great but the wrong style of player . he said chelsea star eden hazard s attributes would suit bayern .
a red mazda left the road smashed into the front of a property in leeds . luckily no one was seriously injured in crash which destroyed front of car . occupants escaped with minor injuries while the driver has been reported .
top seeded teams in champions league groups will be title holders . top seven league winners will be joined by the holders of the competition . change in regulations would mean arsenal and porto drop down . atletico madrid and real madrid also face drop from top group . chelsea would stick as top seeds if they win the premier league .
chris sussman said particular jokes must go through a lot of layers . cautiousness comes after a difficult few years at the bbc , he added . made the comments at a bafta event on free speech and television .
gianni paladini has registered as director of bradford s holding company . the italian has been searching for new club since leaving qpr in 2011 . paladini made attempt to buy birmingham and has been linked with millwall .
brian gemmell said spy chiefs ordered him to stop digging at boys home . former army intelligence officer claims mi5 covered up the sexual abuse . staff jailed in 1980s for sexual abuse at notorious kincora children s home .
us president barack obama said on saturday that diplomacy was the best option to deal with iran s contested nuclear program . this just two days after a framework was agreed upon which would curb iran s nuclear program and potentially lift economic sanctions . israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu said yesterday this new agreement would threaten the very survival of the state of israel . many americans , especially republicans , also believe this has now paved the way for iran to develop an atomic bomb .
toby huntington whiteley , 25 , and cricketer flintoff , 37 , model in campaign . men s clothing brand jacamo caters to larger and taller men . sportsman flintoff has been face of brand for 4 years . this is second tv ad job for dorset boy toby .
czech president milos zeman plans to attend wwii parade in moscow . u . s . ambassador criticised his decision in relation to ukraine crisis . president zeman responded to criticism by banning him from castle .
her husband admits the pair had been arguing minutes before the accident . she came to the driver s door while her husband drove away and she fell . police say they believe the husband s story and have not charged him . doctors were able to deliver her 36 week old baby in houston , texas . the pregnant woman , who has not been named , died later in hospital .
rory mcilroy finished strongly to finish an impressive fourth in augusta . mcilroy did his best to repair the damage of a tentative opening 27 holes . but the battle came too late to challenge long time leader jordan spieth . spieth rounded off a record breaking week by winning first major of career . read mciiroy and justin rose lead tributes to spieth after masters win .
aston villa beat tottenham 1 0 at white hart lane on saturday . the win moved villa six points clear of the relegation zone . benteke says it would be risky to think one more win would be enough .
dr mark porter said election winner will be tempted to bring in charges . nhs england forecast a 30bn budget gap by 2020 unless savings made .
romelu lukaku s agent mino raiola said his client would leave for big club . however roberto martinez is not concerned by raiola s recent claims . lukaku missed everton s 1 0 win over southampton due to injury .
brandon wyne , 17 , and courtney griffith , 18 , were pulled over for broken tail light in virginia beach in january . police said they could smell marijuana and ordered them out of the car . wyne agreed but on the condition nobody touch him until his mom arrive . officer hits him , sprays him with pepper spray , stuns him with taser . footage has emerged after griffith found it in her deleted folder . virginia beach pd investigating conduct and evidence tampering .
benjamin mellor ripped package of drugs open after food ran out . 35 year old was one of three arrested after naval officers stormed yacht . they were all sentenced at cork circuit criminal court yesterday .
new chief executive may require additional incentives to take the role . the rotherham council will now offer up to 200 , 000 to ceo candidates . its former boss stepped down in the wake of damaging council report . the report showed 1 , 400 children had suffered horrific sexual abuse .
infamous limbs in loch killer william beggs was attacked in prison . serving life for murdering and dismembering barry wallace in 1999 . scalded when fellow prisoner threw hot water on him in revenge attack .
official ground breaking for the 630 ft new york wheel will take place this week on staten island . construction started last week on the dubai eye , which will be just 60ft higher . new york wheel will have mobile bar cars , a 20 seat restaurant and a 4 d ride on the ground .
giant pig fell into the swimming pool at his home in ringwood , hampshire . it took the efforts of a team of firefighters to winch him out of the water . a wayward horse also had to be rescued from a swimming pool in sussex .
anti semitic attacks worldwide have surged by 38 per cent , study reveals . france remains the country with the highest number of incidents . last year it registered 164 anti semitic attacks , compared to 141 in 2013 . earlier this year , four hostages were killed at a paris kosher supermarket . britain was home to 141 violent incidents , after registering 95 a year earlier .
james may has backtracked on comment suggesting trolls kill themselves . he was referring to people sending death threats to sue perkins on twitter . perkins has been tipped as a bookies favourite to replace jeremy clarkson . but it led to a torrent of abuse sent by top gear fans on social media . she announced recently she would be leaving twitter for the near future .
some 27 million rounds were fired from the army s sa 80 assault rifles . new figures show that seven rounds were fired every minute at the taliban . a further 80 , 000 105mm artillery shells were used during the eight year war . apache gunships also blasted 55 , 000 30mm rounds at the insurgents .
the fire was reported shortly after 6pm saturday in norco and corona . at least 300 homes had to be evacuated as the fire took hold in the area . rescue efforts were helped by cooperative weather throughout the region . fire chiefs confirmed no property damage or injuries were reported .
kevin sinfield made his 500th appearance for leeds . warrington registered tries through gene ormsby , joel monaghan , ashton sims , ben currie and roy asotasi . leeds replied with kallum watkins and mitch achurch .
ronnie o sullivan is closing in on world championship quarter final spot . but , he found himself in a spot of bother with referee olivier marteel . o sullivan was warned about his behaviour after obscene hand gesture . five time world champions needs one more frame to secure progression .
chinese hospital marked for demolition because of road expansion project . bosses asked team of engineers to put two storey building on wheels . more than 1 , 000 rollers have been placed under the large brick building . it is pushed 8 metres a day on giant metal rollers out of the demolition zone .
carlos tevez has reportedly told juventus he wants to return to argentina . former manchester city star wants to play for former club boca juniors . club president daniel angelici urges striker to cancel his contract first .
homeless isa richardson claimed her car had broken down to young girl . 12 year old felt intimidated and handed over everything she had just 15p . kent beggar has already been convicted of two similar offences this year .
scott sinclair is currently on loan at aston villa from manchester city . the 26 year old winger has impressed for the club since his january move . villa could make the switch permanent in the summer for a 2 . 5 million fee . meanwhile , joe cole has backed villa to beat arsenal and win the fa cup .
marin cilic defeated 6 4 6 4 by victor estrella in the barcelona open . the u . s . open champion is struggling for form after a shoulder injury . cilic said he needs more matches to get his game up to scratch .
former footballer woke up in middle of the night to find his leg was cold . mabbutt diagnosed with diabetes at 17 but complications had developed . he required the main artery to be replaced and almost lost his left leg . the ex spurs star wants to raise awareness of dangers relating to diabetes .
spacex founder elon musk rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival . this was the second attempt at historic rocket booster barge landing . dragon spacecraft will head toward international space station on resupply mission .
real madrid eliminated atletico madrid from the champions league . javier hernandez secured victory with 88th minute strike for real madrid . raphael varane filmed fans as madrid arrived at the santiago bernabeu . read barcelona vs real madrid is the dream champions league final . who will win the champions league ? .
coffee can stop cancer returning in women treated with tamoxifen . tamoxifen stops oestrogen reaching tumour cells , so they do not grow . coffee drinkers had fewer cancers and their tumours were smaller . caffeine cuts of signalling pathways that the cancer cells require to grow .
tracey taylor was distraught following breakdown of 20 year relationship . she had earlier burst into love rival s home and attacker her and her ex . two days later she broke into the property and trashed the lounge . couple have two daughters aged 12 and four , and a son aged 15 together .
foot locker have released new manny pacquiao advert ahead of fight . the filipino jokes about not knowing if bout against mayweather is on . pacquiao previously starred in advert where he acted as if fight against mayweather was on before official contract was signed in february . read mayweather vs pacquiao tickets sell out within 60 seconds .
for a limited time starbucks will be introducing the s more frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on tuesday , april 28 . the drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream , milk chocolate sauce , graham crackers , coffee , milk and ice . starbucks says that the drink is inspired by the the nostalgic summer experience of roasting s mores .
new honda civic was unveiled at new york auto show tonight . swindon factory will be exporting the five door version of the car .
england in group d with holland , italy and republic of ireland . tournament takes place in bulgaria between may 6 and 22 . john peacock s young lions are the defending champions . they beat holland on penalties to win the competition last year . scotland drawn with greece , russia and france in group c .
rory mcilroy and tiger woods spoke with augusta club member jeff knox . mcilroy believes knox reads augusta putting surfaces better than anyone . knox played as a non competing marker with mcilroy last year . on friday knox answered call from tiger woods to play a practice round .
roberto martinez has hit out at suggestions that he is tactically stubborn . the spaniard has been criticised for persisting with the same style of play , moving the ball on the ground out from defence . martinez insists that he is innovative in his tactics and points to the tinkering he employed during everton s win over southampton on saturday .
keith anthony allen , 27 , of columbus , ohio , is facing 19 charges . accused of sexually assaulting three girls . two of them , both 12 , were raped , and one is pregnant . the third victim was allegedly fondled . allen is facing a life sentence if convicted of having sex with a child .
mats hummels has been linked with a move to manchester united . germany defender admits he is considering his future at the club . hummels said his future will become clear at the end of the season .
the big bird swoops in and demonstrates how to roll ball . before jumping up on it with both feet and giving it a kick . the bird s try out was captured in north vancouver , canada . eagle interrupted north shore football club training session .
olive fowler was caught by police at jfk airport on april 12 after taking a caribbean airlines flight from her hometown in guyana to new york . authorities said they spotted her sweating profusely and avoiding eye contact with officers so they decided to pull her aside to conduct a search . it s estimated the drugs found in her panties have a street value of more than 73 , 000 . she now faces federal narcotics smuggling charges .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .
uk tennis star andy murray wed his long term girlfriend , kim sears , in dunblane , scotland . saturday s event has been dubbed the royal wedding of scotland .
dayot upamecano was close to signing for manchester united in january . the 16 year old , however , opted to stay in france with valenciennes . centre back upamecano has played for france at u16 and u17 level . arsenal are also interested in the defender as man city join chase .
set in a remote valley , the shire of montana is located about 100 miles south of the us canada border . it is built into a hill on a 20 acre property which boasts decorative hobbit homes , fairy doors and a troll house . there is no mobile phone service as the 1 , 000 square foot guest house is located entirely underground .
francesco totti puts roma ahead from the penalty spot in third minute . denis equalises for atalanta from another penalty , and visitors hold on . roma move level with city rivals lazio behind juventus in serie a .
new line cinema is reportedly planning a mariah carey christmas movie . carey was queen of the 90s , and that decade is totally hot now .
nikko jenkins , 28 , was trying to etch the revelation sign of the beast . but he now has a series of upside down 9s across his face . it is believed he may use the botched case as evidence he is mentally unstable and therefore ineligible to face the death penalty . jenkins was convicted of shooting dead four people in 10 days after he was released from prison in omaha , nebraska , in 2013 .
lukas podolski left arsenal for inter milan on a loan deal in january . german world cup winner has yet to score since arriving in italy . forward was an unused substitute in goalless derby draw on sunday . podolski insists he wants to fight for his place in north london .
the video was filmed over 45 minutes at bardwell park station in sydney . it shows the rising flood water taking over the train tracks . sydney s two day total rain fall totalled about 225mm on wednesday . the flooding caused a partial closure of the airport train line .
alistair brownlee beat javier gomez in a sprint finish in south africa . he was tripped but recovered in his world triathlon series return . olympic champion warned rivals he should only get fitter from here . great britain s vicky holland won the women s race on saturday .
hanghang was playing on the phone after waking up early for school . he said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his hand . it left his jawbone exposed and injuries to his hand , leg and knee . experts blame battery as most likely cause of blast .
brendan rodgers was found guilty in his absence of ignoring a notice to improve a property he co owns in accrington , lancashire . house had broken windows and doors with rubbish strewn across a yard . but rodgers and business partner judith o hagan had their convictions quashed after court heard they did not receive a summons .
raheem sterling has revealed he is not ready to sign a new liverpool deal . the reds wideman has struggled to repeat last season s impressive form . the 20 year old liverpool star has managed just six goals this season . read sterling insists he is not a money grabbing 20 year old . sterling what he said about contract talks . . . and what he meant . click here for the latest liverpool news .
thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the midwest and the plains . tornadoes could strike thursday night and friday .
marc gasol of the memphis grizzlies was heading back to the locker room when he stopped to talk and give the child a high five . as he left the biggest smile spread across the young fan s face . last year grizzlies player zach randolph left the bench during the fourth quarter of a game to talk to the same boy and give him his warm up shirt .
per mertesacker says that suffering embarrassing defeats hurt the squad . losing heavily forced the players to bring back the arguing culture . since then arsenal have improved and could still finish second . click here to follow all the live updates of arsenal vs liverpool . click here to read all the latest arsenal news .
conor mcdonnell is the young photographer behind instagram s most liked photo . 23 year old has snapped the likes of calvin harris , drake , and justin bieber .
new orleans bars are smoke free as of wednesday morning . a lawsuit by harrah s and bar owners seeks to overturn the ban .
chimpanzees at ny university to be covered by habeas corpus writ . petition by animal rights group claims chimps are unlawfully detained . university rep have been ordered to attend court to respond to petition . ruling by judge effectively recognises the chimpanzees as legal humans . update since the publication of this story , the court order has been amended . .
roberto martinez unconcerned by romelu lukaku s link with mino raiola . raiola has been involved in transfer deals worth over 400million . martinez backs ross barkley to learn from his difficult season .
the smash hit series game of thrones returns for a fifth season sunday . major story arcs should start to converge this year .
salty dog 502 trailed omega air refuelling 707 tanker from a mile off . it used optical sensors and a camera to monitor approach to 20 feet . it then plugged its refuelling probe into hose of the omega air kc 707 . drone is size of an f a 18 super hornet and weighs 44 , 000 lb 20 , 000 kg .
ander herrera has started the last eight games for manchester united . midfielder says he is in the right team in the right league . herrera scored twice against aston villa during man united s 3 1 victory .
radamel falcao was ineffective for manchester utd in 1 0 loss by chelsea . striker has not had shot on target since netting vs leicester in january . colombian earns 280 , 000 a week as part of his loan move from monaco . falcao has scored just four goals for manchester united this season .
isis attacked the baiji oil refinery saturday . the refinery , iraq s largest , has long been a lucrative target for militants .
google paid its billionaire executive chairman eric schmidt nearly 109 million last year . most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at 100 million . schmidt also pocketed a 1 . 25 million salary , a 6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly 1 million . his total pay last year soared by more than five fold from 2013 when his google compensation was valued at 19 . 3 million . the hefty raise came in a year that saw google s stock drop by 5 percent amid investor concerns about the company s big spending on far flung projects .
department of public safety trooper billy spears was disciplined last week . the trooper posed with snoop dogg after rapper s sxsw keynote speech . snoop posted picture to instagram with the caption me n my deputy dogg . rapper s past legal problems were cause for concern for spears superiors . he was cited for deficiencies indicating need for counseling for photo with figure who has criminal background including numerous drug charges .
transavia france has included voucher codes with the branded products . customers can enter the codes online to receive a discounted flight . the codes can be redeemed for flights to barcelona , lisbon and dublin . products are being sold at shops , a cinema and in two vending machines . passengers still have to pay a booking fee and checked baggage fees .
the chicago bulls defeated milwaukee bucks 91 82 on monday night . jimmy butler managed 31 points as the bulls took a 2 0 series lead . the golden state warriors beat the new orleans pelicans 97 87 . klay thompson and stephen curry both starred for the warriors .
nikki and kyle kuchenbecker went about perfecting a routine to the toe tapping pop song , classic by mkto . video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on . at one point nikki s father makes an appearance , in keeping with tradition . to date , the clip of them in action has been watched more than 900 , 000 times with many viewers giving it a big thumbs up .
andrew stewart wood , of havant , hampshire , was accused of urinating into the ice machine at the hard rock hotel in the early hours of tuesday . wood , who police said was extremely intoxicated , refused to stop shouting and return to his room at the universal orlando theme park resort . wood was charged with disorderly conduct and spent the night in jail . hard rock hotel confirmed ice machine removed for health and safety but was unable to say if wood was still a guest for security reasons .
facebook page the diggers are dole bludgers was created in january . the page claims returned australian servicemen are rapists and terrorists . one post says you have freedom of speech thanks to us . . social media users have criticised the page as shameful and insulting . a protest page demanding the removal of the page has been set up .
unnamed girl was targeted by threatening posts on social network . was taken home from lone hills middle school in san dimas , california . investigators believe fellow students are posting the threats . in one message a user threatens to bring a knife to school and stab the girl .
alan pardew was warned about his behaviour following touchline spat . the former newcastle boss called manuel pellegrini a f ing old c t . he wrote to pellegrini to apologise for using such offensive language . crystal palace host manchester city at selhurst park on monday .
edinson cavani pays visit to local animal zoo day after camp nou defeat . psg striker was virtually anonymous in both legs against barcelona . cavani has been linked with a move to manchester united this summer .
liam livingstone hit 34 fours and 27 sixes 138 ball innings of 350 . the 21 year old all rounder is yet to debut for lancashire s first team . his nantwich town made 579 for seven from their 45 overs against caldy . they won national club championship match by 500 runs .
the man in his 50s , only named as mr zhang , had been on his motorbike . a car hit him as he pulled out of the junction , throwing him off the bike . villagers say his younger brother died in the same place last august , when a collision with a lorry killed him instantly .
saracens through to champions cup semi final after beating racing metro . marcelo bosch landed last gasp penalty to seal the win on sunday . saracens face clermont in semi final in neutral st etienne on april 18 or 19 .
alberto bueno ha scored 17 goals for rayo vallecano this season . striker will lead the line on wednesday for rayo against real madrid . bueno has been linked with a move to porto at the end of the season .
alex hales has nine england caps since his debut against india last august . the big hitting batsman is hoping for a proper crack with his country . hales has played only five of last 18 matches since india series defeat .
james anderson became england s leading wicket taker on friday . the 32 year old believes he can still improve as a bowler . anderson reveals he s still learning despite playing 100 games for england . read jimmy anderson shows quiet guys do win , says nasser hussain .
manchester city are willing to listen to offers for yaya toure this summer . his agent dimitri seluk has hit out and called manuel pellegrini weak . he also criticised the city s chief executive and director of football . ivorian midfielder has had a difficult season at the premier league champions .
robert knowles , 68 , from plymouth , first broke the law when he was just 13 . he was jailed for 16 weeks for stealing watch and cuff links in recent crime . pensioner has broken law so many times prosecutors lost track of record . knowles has now clocked up nearly 350 offences in his lifetime .
students who shared an ipad scored around 30 points higher on the test . courtney blackwell worked with 352 students in america for the research .
usain bolt will compete at the iaaf btc world relays on may 2 3 . six time olympic gold medalist says he s fit , healthy and ready to run . bolt was part of the jamaica team that won gold at london 2012 .
according to new app , brits are grumpiest in western world at daybreak . despite getting more sleep than most at seven hours 22 minutes a night . only japanese , south koreans and singaporeans are moodier in morning .
public health agency confirm patient is being tested for rabies in hospital . say that the person had recently travelled to area affected by disease . rabies is a viral infection that attacks the brain and nervous system .
floyd mayweather jnr and manny pacquiao fight in las vegas on may 2 . showtime have released a short film from inside the mayweather camp . the undefeated american says he has never wanted to win a fight so much .
tottenham have shown an interest in marseille forward andre ayew . the ghana international is being chased by host of european clubs . ayew fits into tottenham s blueprint and can move for free in the summer . click here for all the latest tottenham news .
sunderland face stoke city next up in the premier league on april 25 . the black cats are just three points above the relegation zone . dick advocaat has concerns about the strength of his players .
two parrots were home alone when a fire erupted in boise , idaho . started calling help ! . both were pulled from the wreckage and treated with oxygen masks .
jerry tarkanian , five , was taken to the hospital at 4am on friday after complaining about pain in his legs . he was given a ct scan , could n t move the left side of his body and was having trouble answering questions , mom amy tarkanian said . parents danny and amy tarkanian say he s showing signs of improvement . elder jerry tarkanian , a hall of fame coach , died in february , aged 84 .
the hilarious moment took place at the hengdaohezi siberian tiger park in northeast china during feeding time . it was captured by us based photographer libby zhang who said that the crowd burst out in a roar of laughter . the humorous slip came as several birds were thrown by staff in to the tiger enclosure for them to eat .
lorry left roof suspended on hedge behind it near birdlip , gloucestershire . police officer tweeted picture as warning to other drivers on country roads . driver may now be prosecuted for motoring offence after police attended .
the cdc says 106 passengers and six crew members aboard the celebrity infinity cruise ship were sickened by the gastrointestinal illness norovirus . staff on the infinity stepped up cleaning and disinfection in response to the outbreak , according to the health agency . the ship was on its journey from march 29 to april 13 . symptoms of norovirus include vomiting , diarrhea , fever and body aches . . celebrity cruises said in a statement that over the counter medication was administered on board . the ship previously experienced gastrointestinal illness outbreaks in 2006 and 2013 .
spaniel alfie had a heat pad placed on him during an mri scan at a clinic . but vets had warmed it up in a microwave rather than in an incubator . after his owner lynne edwards then suspected something was wrong . the 12 year old pet was then found to have suffered three degree burns . warning graphic content .
on april 7 , thenga adams , flying from guyana in south america was arrested for allegedly smuggling 30 , 000 worth of cocaine in his sneakers . also this month a 70 year old woman from guyana was nabbed allegedly trying to smuggle 73 , 000 cocaine in her panties and girdle . thenga adams faces federal drug smuggling charges .
former celtic hero billy mcneill will be honoured with a statue by the club . as both a player and a manager , he enjoyed a hugely successful 27 year association with the parkhead outfit . he won nine consecutive league titles as a player between 1965 and 1974 . in 1967 , he became the first ever british captain to lift the european cup . as manager , he delivered four more league championships to celtic .
the plane might have hit an object on the runway , the japanese transportation ministry says . 23 people have minor injuries , officials say . the airbus a320 overshot the hiroshima airport runway at 8 05 p . m . tuesday , officials say .
a russian presidential aide says kim will be in moscow for may 9 victory day celebrations , news agency reports . this victory day marks the 70 years since the soviet victory over germany in world war ii .
50 die each year as a result of being exposed to the sun at work in britain . 250 in jobs like agriculture and construction register skin cancer each year . institution of occupational safety and health says macho culture to blame .
recent patent filing shows plans for an upright sleeping support system . encased in a backpack , the cushions allow the passenger to lean forward . a breathing hole in the face pillow ensures extra customer comfort . boeing says we are n t providing any further information or comment .
barcelona star lionel messi says he need to be reminded of his hat tricks . the argentine has netted 32 hat tricks since making his debut in 2004 . messi s favourite came in a 3 3 draw against rivals real madrid in 2007 . the 27 year old has had each of his hat trick balls signed by team mates .
john isner will play either novak djokovic or david ferrer in the last four . he became the first american to reach miami open semi final since 2011 . kei nishikori could not handle isner s serve in a 6 4 , 6 3 defeat .
tim sherwood replaced paul lambert as aston villa boss in february . villa are four points above the bottom three with five games remaining . philippe senderos and aly cissokho are available again .
dr . doom is seen for the first time in the trailer for the fantastic four reboot . chris pratt takes the lead in the new trailer for jurassic world .
american women look to celebrities for hair inspiration , often uneducated about the potential dangers of beauty procedures . many celebrities who wear weaves , such as beyonce , selena gomez and paris hilton , could be doing serious damage to their hair . jennifer aniston , sandra bullock and jennifer lopez were revealed as having the three most popular celebrity hairstyles .
didier drogba and five of his chelsea team mates take part in bin challenge . eden hazard , john terry , thibaut courtois and john obi mikel all involved . drogba mocked the tag of boring chelsea that has been aimed at his side . chelsea have been training at st george s park ahead of game at leicester .
many little amusement parks are set up in the slum areas of pakistan on the outskirts of islamabad and rawalpindi . the rides include merry go rounds , trampolines , carousels and basic swings . children who have been forced out of their villages due to fighting shriek with delight whilst enjoying the rides .
a bed is kept in the archers studio to help with realistic sex scenes . scriptwriter said bed is is vital for convincing post coital conversations . he added that parties in fictional ambridge are limited to nine attendees because of budget constraints .
army major john jackson and his wife carolyn are facing 15 counts of child abuse . the couple s first trial ended in a mistrial last november when a prosecutor accidentally mentioned the death of one of their son s . that detail was barred from the trial since the couple had not been officially charged in the boy s death . on monday , the jacksons appeared in new jersey federal court for their second trial . prosecutors said the couple starved their three foster children and beat them so several that they had broken bones all over their bodies . the couple s defense attorneys claim that they may have been crappy parents but are not criminals .
ukip launches its policies for women to address gender divide . 15 of men planning to back ukip , compared to only 10 of women voters . mep patrick o flynn says party still resorts to boorishness or chauvinism .
arsenal beat reading 2 1 in the fa cup semi final at wembley on saturday . footage apparently taken by a fan beforehand shows homophobic chant . it appears to show fans singing about ashley cole to a lily allen song . roma defender cole left arsenal to join london rivals chelsea in 2006 . a metropolitan police spokesman confirms they are assessing the video .
miss kensit said the duchess of cambridge is our generation s suffragette . the 47 year old also said the duchess was her regal inspiration . made the comments during an interview with a weekly fashion magazine . kate is famed for charity work but has never been dubbed a feminist before . the duchess is due to give birth to her second child later this month .
amir khan fight with chris algieri confirmed for may 29 in new york . the bolton born boxers bout will be televised the day before kell brook . khan has slammed brook for knocking algieri s fighting quality .
the two disturbing videos were uploaded to facebook on wednesday . a woman unleashes a racist tirade on her neighbours from over the fence . she swings a crowbar at the group of men and a tussle breaks out . the woman is struck in the face during the fight and is visibly bleeding .
obama promised armenian americans he would call the atrocity genocide during the 2008 campaign . . the white house views turkey as a more crucial ally than armenia . . pope francis , actor george clooney , and even the kardashians have taken the moral position , calling it the armenian genocide . .
miranda has been linked with a summer move to manchester united . however the brazilian centre back is keen on staying at atletico madrid . miranda has said he is proud to be on louis van gaal s radar .
performance was at confederation of african football s event in cairo . dancer dina talaat said she does not know what all the fuss is about .
daily mirror published the first pictures of the six thieves on saturday . scotland yard finally released images of only three raiders 21 hours later . former flying squad chief said he has never heard of anything like this . seemingly conflicting claims over who had footage first emerge .
x marks have been spotted on garden sheds in east kilbride , lanarkshire . other codes suggest occupant is vulnerable or that property has an alarm . another mark tells burglars if there is nothing worth stealing in the building .
evnika saadvakass became a youtube sensation at five years old . eight year old s work rate is relentless in the 40 second long video . shows no sign of tiring as she unleashes combination punches .
england are reigning champions having beaten holland in last year s final . the young lions have been placed in group d of the tournament . england will compete against holland , italy and the republic of ireland .
kevin morton gave kye backhouse a strong painkiller when he was ill . the teenager subsequently died and his father has admitted manslaughter . morton , 49 , faces jail when he is sentenced next month .
kelli jo bauer , 43 , is accused of stealing fake designer clothes and bags . undercover police officers saw her advertising clothes to sell on facebook . they went to her 900 , 000 home where she allegedly tried to sell clothes and handbags . bauer allegedly told officers she is a shopping addict . she said she was selling the clothes because she d lost weight and they no longer fit .
ap mccoy takes his final rides before retirement at sandown racecourse . jockey is hoping to ride all the way to the end if he gains extra rides . it had been thought mccoy would retire after the bet365 gold cup feature . but , the 19 time champion is hoping to secure himself further mounts .
green party activists have been told to dress in mainstream fashion . a manual for the party s supporters urges them to appear level headed . the advice has been distributed among green campaigners in london . provides stock answers to ease voters concerns about their radical plans .
joel parker , 33 , was riding the bus in st johns county , florida . police said he threatened the driver and was disruptive during the ride . as he got off the bus he offered the candy bar to the driver , who declined . he was arrested for battery and is never allowed to ride the bus again .
fire breaks out at the general electric appliance park in louisville , kentucky . city official no is believed to be injured or trapped .
alastair cook completed his century on the second morning of action . england captain resumed on 95 and reached three figures before retiring . that allowed ian bell to arrive at the crease as tourists continued to bat .
the operator of the fukushima nuclear plant said it has abandoned a robotic probe inside one of the damaged reactors . a report stated that a fallen object has left the robot stranded . the robot collected data on radiation levels and investigated the spread of debris .
real madrid beat malaga 3 1 on saturday but gareth bale got injured . they face atletico madrid in the champions league quarter finals . welshman has a calf problem that could sideline him on wednesday . luka modric is also missing for real and could be out for six weeks .
arsenal playmaker mesut ozil was given an apple watch on thursday . the apple watch will be officially released for sale on friday . ozil is expected to start for arsenal in their clash vs chelsea on sunday . read arsenal fans call for removal of emirates cesc fabregas flag . read arsenal to wear blue and yellow away strip for fa cup final .
in a new poll , diana was the favourite name for the second royal baby . alice and charlotte were the second favourite names if it s a girl . if it s a boy , then the favourite name is james , followed by alexander .
artist betty willis designed the famous neon sign in 1959 . the sign sits in a median in the middle of las vegas boulevard south of the strip and is a popular tourist attraction . in 2009 it was placed on the national register of historic places . no one owns the copyright to the sign , so it is often imitated and appears on all kinds of souvenirs in las vegas and elsewhere .
teenager was caught after an investigation by counter terrorism officers . tried to buy abrin , which could have created considerable harm to people . admitted trying to buy the deadly toxin after appearing at manchester youth court .
jason denayer has impressed for celtic while on loan this season . the parkhead outfit are keen to keen to sign the youngster permanently and hope that parent club manchester city will release him . however , city boss manuel pellegrini has confirmed that the club are looking to strengthen their homegrown talent pool . denayer , 19 , entered city s youth academy in 2013 and fits the bill .
the lamb named winter bends its head down towards the baby duck . duck begins pecking and grooming lamb s woollen coat . lamb s owner says animals actions are a heart warming sign of trust .
former barcelona forward ronaldinho came on in the 84th minute . ronaldinho still managed to grab a brace as his side eased to victory . queretaro are now just two points behind club america in liga mx .
monaco defeated arsenal on away goals in the champions league last 16 . arsene wenger upset leonardo jardim by refusing to shake hands . ligue 1 boss claims their next opponents juventus are a better team . read arsenal s wenger accused of disrespecting former club monaco . read arsenal manager wenger brands monaco boss jardim a liar .
team needed to help decrease islamic state s domination of the internet . role includes leaking messages about british successes to enemy . previously reported that brigade would be made up of 2 , 000 experts . it will now have just 454 regular and reservist troops , mos revealed .
john helinski , 62 , slept in a cardboard box in tampa bay for three years . he applied for homeless housing , but struggled as he had no identification . it had all been stolen years earlier virtually forcing him onto the streets . a case worker and a cop looked into his past and uncovered his records . helsinki then went into a tampa bank and discovered a lost account . enough money and social security was in there for him to buy a house .
a new facebook graph reveals the favorite baseball teams in the country by sorting through people s likes and breaking down winners by county . the new york yankees and boston red sox , who come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of fans . the new york mets and oakland athletics did not win one single county .
poppy , 23 , married childhood sweetheart , sam myers in chelsea . couple said vows in front of 12 guests before reception at mayfair hotel . poppy carried picture of father dean , who died in 2011 , in her bouquet .
martina navratilova could not commit 100 per cent to the project . the pair only started working together in december last year . agnieszka radwanska is struggling for consistency this season . the pole slumped to an early defeat in stuttgart this week .
paul ceglia on the run from criminal charges he falsely claimed ownership . his family accused facebook and prosecutors of conspiring against him . judge said mark zuckerberg has two days to hand over all relevant emails . the order ignores zuckerberg s request to wait until ceglia is found .
deep brain stimulation involves implanting electrodes inside the skull . technique is already used to help treat diseases such as parkinson s . scientists think it could help delay dementia by replenishing brain cells .
aston will face arsenal in the fa cup final at wembley on may 30 . shay given started for villa in their 2 1 semi final victory against liverpool . villa travel to the etihad to play manchester city on saturday .
boxing trainer bob shannon has been charged with sexual assault . shannon is best known for training ricky hatton in 2012 . hatton lost their only fight together against vyacheslav senchenko in 2012 . shannon will appear before magistrates in manchester next week .
surveyors did not check for damage or casualties overnight due to bad weather . the national weather service sent tweets warning of a large tornado . a resident snapped a photo of what could be a very large tornado .
jacob fairbank injured his ankle while on loan at halifax . huddersfield forward faces lengthy spell on the sidelines following scans . giants managing director richard thewlis said it s another bad blow .
sim bhullar is set to sign a 10 day contract with the sacramento kings . the 22 year old will become the nba s first player of indian descent . bhullar will be on the roster when the kings host new orleans pelicans .
remy dufrene of raceland , louisiana drowned after falling into a drainage ditch tuesday afternoon . this after the toddler , 3 , ran away from his grandmother who could not catch up with him . his father searched for the boy s body but it took him 15 minutes to find his son . the ditch is almost always dry according to the family , but was filled with water because of the recent rain in the area .
mclaren driver jenson button ran the london marathon 2015 . he finished with a time of 2 hours 52 minutes and 30 seconds . button praised the amazing atmosphere and collective spirit of the runners at the event .
the nfl announced today that greg hardy would be suspended without pay for 10 games at the start of the 2015 season . hardy was convicted by a judge in july of beating , strangling and threatening to kill ex girlfriend nicki holder . holder told police that hardy choked her , slammed her against a bathtub , threw her to the floor and threatened to kill her after a fight at his condo . charges were eventually dropped after holder could not be located when hardy s lawyers appealed the decision and asked for a jury trial . he was forced to leave the carolina panthers as a result of these charges last season , but still collected his salary of roughly 770 , 000 a week .
a magistrate has refused a media ban on the trial of a sex offender . brett anthony o connor is the former head of child safety at education queensland . he was arrested in march for indecently assaulting two sydney school boys more than 25 years ago . police allege they occurred in 1987 and 1989 . he has been suspended from his job at education queensland .
air strikes were launched by saudi forces a month ago against rebels . saudi forces have focused on beating back shiite houthi rebels in yemen . prince alwaleed bin talal pledged bentleys for pilots involved in bombings . he made pledge on wednesday after bombing raids appeared to resume , despite an official announcement that they would be halted last night .
steven finn was left out of the england squad for the west indies tour . the middlesex quick bowler has regained form after a tough 12 months . finn said he s back to bowling like he was as a carefree 21 year old . his last of 23 test caps came for england back in 2013 .
the head of the wildlife aid foundation in surrey rescued the fox . fox had been stuck for 40 minutes and was unable to move around . mr cowell distracts it with a stick and then lifts cub out of the fence . fox is released back into the wild and heads off home to its mother .
manchester united face rivals manchester city in the league on sunday . eight of united s first team squad are native spanish speaking players . six city players are from spain or spanish speaking countries .
st catherine s island in pembrokeshire will now be easily accessible with a new 100m footbridge . currently , the island can only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide . the bridge , expected to be approved tomorrow , will allow history buffs to explore the fort , which was built in 1867 .
manchester city are interested in signing porto stars yacine brahimi and alex sandro and have sent scouts to watch them . the club are also keen on wolfsburg midfielder kevin de bruyne . city have fallen short of expectations in the premier league this season and will look to revamp and improve their squad in the summer .
sir alex ferguson met up with john parrott for a frame of snooker as part of coverage of world championships . former manchester united manager explained why he rates real madrid superstar cristiano ronaldo above barcelona talisman lionel messi . fergie also reveals how he battered former player paul ince at snooker .
ap mccoy could have ridden cause of causes in the grand national on saturday . champion jockey ultimately chose shutthefrontdoor for big race at aintree . royale knight is worth an each way punt at more speculative odds .
keane accused of aggressive behaviour towards driver near traffic lights . allegedly caused harassment , alarm or distress to 44 year old fateh kerar . tv pundit keane , 43 , of hale , cheshire , has denied public order offence . footballer won seven league titles and is now ireland s assistant manager .
george north was knocked out by wasps nathan hughes last friday . he will be given at least a month to recover before returning to action . north has suffered three concussions in the last four months . the welshman will be reassessed by a neurologist at the end of april .
steven gerrard will leave liverpool for la galaxy at the end of the season . martin skrtel has praised the impact gerrard has had on him at liverpool . skrtel believes the club do have players that could eventually replace him .
england s top order collapsed on the first morning in antigua . jonathan trott , alastair cook and gary ballance all out cheaply . michael vaughan critical of footwork and mindset of the trio . vaughan is favourite to take up role of england cricket director .
it has been suggested the idea is part of move to smarten up tesco stores . industry insider says sweaty , overweight workers are putting shoppers off . among the advice tips is to get dancing in stores or have walking meetings .
nile ranger has been awol from blackpool since early december . the striker has not played for the club since the end of november . ranger s blackpool deal expires at the end of this season . former newcastle forward say the club took the mick out of him .
former turkish ambassador to the vatican calls use of the word genocide a one sided evaluation . pope discusses massacres of armenians a century after they took place . turkey denies the mass killings constituted a genocide .
sheila elkan lives in house that was leadbetters home in the good life . great grandmother has resided at house in north west london since 1986 . front and rear garden scenes filmed at her three bedroom detached home . margo leadbetter was made famous by penelope keith in 1970s tv series .
flamur ukshini , 23 , from kosovo , is the doppelg nger of zayn malik . the university student s likeness has got him 40 , 000 instagram followers . he tells femail that he is often asked for photos in the street .
sabrina rubin erdely wrote a rape on campus which was published in rolling stone in november . the story focuses on a university of virginia student named jackie who claims to have been gang raped by seven men two years ago . soon after it was published , jackie s story came under questioning and rolling stone was forced to issue an apology . the columbia journalism school has been conducting an independent review of what went wrong in erdely s reporting . they will publish their findings sunday night at 8pm . sources tell cnn that erdely will issue an apologetic statement after the review is published .
it s been a longtime tradition for the conga to play during memphis grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the court tv screen . spectators are then filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums . but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother of two and attorney , malenda meacham . she says she likes to drink coffee before playing the air bongos so she can give it her all .
snp s nicola sturgeon looked glamorous as she arrived at bbc yesterday . nationalist wore fuchsia dress that flattered her slimmed down physique . miss sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past . she is rumoured to have hired a personal shopper and a stylist in 2007 .
50 year old man died after suffering a suspected heart attack on holidays . he collapsed after ordering breakfast at a restaurant in 101 legian hotel . the dead man is believed that he was from seymour in victoria . an autopsy has still to be carried out to find the exact cause of death . the man had earlier told a waitress he was not feeling well . kuta is a holiday destination loved by australian tourists .
a magnitude 7 . 8 earthquake struck near kathmandu , nepal . carolyn miles many survivors will have nowhere to go .
keaway lafonz ivy , known as kealo , was shot and killed in seat pleasant , maryland , wednesday night . police arrested 21 year old lafonzo leonard iracks in washington dc friday in connection to killing . iracks allegedly shot ivy once in the chest from a gun used in the filming of the video .
barcelona won 3 1 at psg in their champions league quarter final first leg . luis suarez scored twice after neymar s opener for the visitors . gregory van der wiel pulled one back for the french side on 82 minutes . two teams meet again for the second leg on april 21 at the nou camp .
england captain alastair cook has been working on a new batting stance . his new stance has his front foot too far out without protecting the wicket . as a result , he does n t have time to adjust to the delivery and set himself . cook probably overdid his new stance against the west indies . still , he should n t be written off just yet and impressed in training .
chef ally lees of alfie bird s in birmingham made festive eggy dish . beastly omelette contains 12 , 000 calories and 945g of protein . three food wide dish took an hour to cook for the easter promotion .
las vegas nickname of sin city relates to a building prostitutes used . london known as the old smoke owing to the 1952 great smog . singapore literally translates as lion city after founder said he saw a merlion a cross between a mermaid and lion .
about 56 , 000 dogs treated by vets for poisoning between 2010 and 2014 . most had simply found a piece of food lying around or been fed a treat . painkillers the most common cause , followed by rat and mouse bait . kennel club poisons expert warns even harmless foods can be dangerous .
elbit systems are working with the israeli ministry of defense . sensors are so precise there will be no false alarms . israeli army considered more than 700 proposals for the project .
ben flower returned from his six month ban on thursday night . wales forward made first appearance since he punched st helens lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season s grand final . 27 year old received a brilliant reception during s wigan s 30 20 victory against warrington .
university of alberta research found why knuckles really crack . study found cracking is caused by rapid formation of gas filled cavity . research also discovered a knuckle cracks in less than 310 milliseconds . a study co author was used as the guinea pig for the experiment . rapid magnetic resonance imaging mri was used to capture the bones and fluids surrounding them , and critically , the formation of the air cavity . the researchers humorously dubbed their work the pull my finger study .
the reverend edward fride invited parishioners to take part in gun classes . tells churchgoers how police back lessons to gain concealed pistol license . fride is pastor at christ the king catholic church in ann arbor michigan . warns that crime has gone up in the area while availability of armed police response is down .
robert tesche and clayton donaldson struck in first half for birmingham . matt derbyshire pulled one back after the interval for rotherham . rotherham boss steve evans left fuming after being denied a penalty .
navinder sarao , 36 , made the bold claim in october last year in an email . it was lodged in the northern district court of illinois for any future trial . us prosecutors allege he helped to trigger 2010 wall street flash crash .
aaron hernandez has been found guilty in odin lloyd s death , but his troubles are not over . he also faces murder charges in suffolk county , massachusetts , but trial was postponed . in addition , hernandez will face two civil lawsuits one is in relation to suffolk county case .
simon brann thorpe s project makes real life soldiers resemble toy soldiers . he shot the images in western sahara , a disputed region of northwestern africa .
a new species of frog has been found in the state of s o paulo , brazil . called hylodes japi , it was found to mate underground in secret chambers . males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes . and the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators .
the critters were filmed in action after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen . the zoo put on a range of final four activities over the weekend for visitors including a basketball theme scavenger hunt . march madness is set to come to a close tonight as the wisconsin badgers and duke blue devils go head to head at the lucas oil stadium .
this cute toddler s talented balancing skills have made her an internet hit . tiny dancer happily spins around to music with three bowls on her head . the chinese girl is thought to be practising a traditional female folk dance .
chelsea and liverpool target daniel wass can play as a full back or winger . schalke and inter milan have also shown interest in the 25 year old . stoke are also interested in lee cattermole and javier hernandez . denmark international could be sold for a fee close to 3 . 5 million .
a robotic probe into the fukushima nuclear plant released crucial information on conditions inside the reactor . tepco recorded radiation levels and temperatures are lower than expected . the robot was sent into the plant after the first one broke down .
morgan schneiderlin ruled out for rest of the season with ligament damage . southampton midfielder suffered injury in draw with tottenham . manager ronald koeman admitted he may have played last game for club . schneiderlin has been linked with moves to arsenal and tottenham . saints travel to relegation threatened sunderland at the weekend .
naoki ogane says that chelsea have made an offer for yoshinori muto . the 22 year old forward has one goal in 11 games for japan . muto admits that it is an honour to receive an offer from the blues . chelsea have signed a 200m sponsorship deal with yokohama rubber . muto graduated from university with an economics degree two weeks ago . he would become the first japanese player to sign for chelsea .
louise smith , 38 , has been convicted of fraud and is now on the run . cctv footage showed her plucking two hairs from the head of a young girl . she then planted them in her food and complained to staff at carlisle pub . staff said it became clear that smith could not afford to pay for 21 dinner .
grammy award winning artist tops uk album chart for first time in 25 years . paul simon , 73 , outsold more youthful musicians such as ed sheeran . his album the ultimate collection includes 19 tracks from a 50 year career . simon s recent tour with sting is thought to have propelled him to top spot .
andy murray faces novak djokovic in miami open final on sunday . set to marry fiancee kim sears in dunblane next saturday . british no 1 has lost nine of his last 10 meetings with djokovic .
the sru have agreed a 3 . 6 m contract over three years with bt . bt will take over the scotland shirt sponsorship from rbs this summer . the scotland u20 side will be the first team to wear the shirts with bt .
liberty island evacuated by boat around 12 30 pm friday , officials said . bomb threat made by 911 who said they would blow up the statue . police dog unit sniffed out potential explosive in locker on island . but a full security sweep determined that it was a false alarm . area was deemed safe at 4 30 pm , but island remained closed . 2 , 700 tourists were removed from the island had tickets refunded .
police have come across a car covered in chili peppers . the car was parked on the side of a busy street in hornsby . according to facebook users , it is a regular occurance .
james koryor , 41 , arrested tuesday on suspicion of manslaughter and child abuse following the death of his son at their home on monday . the boy , 2 , died after being left in a locked car for up to 2 . 5 hours . the outside temperatures hit 93 degrees in phoenix monday . the mother found her son in the car and tried to resuscitate him . koryor reportedly confessed to drinking and falling asleep .
a lithuanian talk show has accused norway of seizing foreign children . claimed they were needed to combat world s highest rate of inbreeding . an expert said fresh blood was needed to strengthen genetic material . lithuanian gra ina le inskiene s son was taken into care early this year .
tim sherwood saw aston villa go behind twice before clinching a point in tuesday s 3 3 draw with qpr . christian benteke scored a hat trick for the home side as the relegation strugglers shared the points at villa park . villa have six games to secure premier league safety including trips to man city , tottenham and southampton .
manchester city have made liverpool s raheem sterling a primary target . liverpool value sterling at 50million a fee man city can afford . the reds are likely to demand a cash fee for the england international .
michael rogan , 42 , was driving his wife , niki , and their seven children to hospital for the birth of their eighth child early on friday morning . a deer was hit by another vehicle and thrown through the windshield of their van . michael was severely injured and pronounced dead in hospital . hours later niki gave birth to their son , blaise . the family , who only suffered minor injuries , attended church as usual on sunday , and blaise was baptized after the service . friends have set up a gofundme page to help the family and almost 200 , 000 has been raised .
leicester are currently bottom of the premier league standings . the foxes host swansea at king power stadium on saturday . nigel pearson s side are seeking their third straight victory .
the pandas mated for a record breaking seven minutes and 45 seconds . lu lu has been bestowed the nickname the enduring brother by admirers . lothario panda lasts longer in bed than the average american male .
real madrid boosted by cristiano ronaldo s yellow card was rescinded . carlo ancelotti will be without iker casillas , toni kroos , james rodriguez and gareth bale but jese will start in the clash against eibar . lionel messi can reach 400 career goals if he scores another two . chelsea star oscar is being touted for a move to serie a side juventus .
the show entitled the seven year switch is an eight episode series in which couples live , eat , and even sleep with a new significant other . the show s concept is based on the idea that after seven years of marriage , spouses often become restless and regret their decision to wed . after the switch is complete the couples will be able to decide whether or not they want to stay together or be with someone else .
florian thauvin has been left out of marseille s squad with metz . marseille are pushing for a 15m sale and tottenham are interested . the winger has also been watched by chelsea and la liga side valencia .
photographer mervyn o gorman was 42 when he snapped the pictures in 1913 . mervyn was known as an early pioneer of colour photography and used the autochrome process . his teenage daughter christina o gorman posed in red swimsuit at lulworth cove , dorset . autochrome photography process used dye and starch to create the melancholy tone . do you know who christina was and what happened to her ? .
search engine reveals top 10 questions asked by viewers during debate . voters wanted to know why david cameron did not take part in contest . also wanted to know how hold ed miliband and nicola sturgeon are .
british actress takes fhm s top spot in the list of 100 sexiest women in the world . people s most beautiful woman is nowhere on the list .
a guard was shot and critically injured outside the u . s . census bureau headquarters in suitland , maryland on thursday night . authorities have connected the incident to a dc armed kidnapping that led to a police chase . the census bureau campus was briefly locked down as authorities assessed the situation . the police chase ended back in northeast dc where the suspect was shot in a popular strip of bars and restaurants .
federal education minister smriti irani visited a fabindia store in goa , saw cameras . authorities discovered the cameras could capture photos from the store s changing room . the four store workers arrested could spend 3 years each in prison if convicted .
ex celtic striker john hartson has opened up about his battle with cancer . he was diagnosed with cancer at the age of 33 . hartson spoke of how he has turned his life around since his recovery .
queensland man shocked delivery from 5km away was sent interstate . package was sent on a 2 , 000 km journey before arriving at the man s door . there s just no common sense , the man , chris , says of delivery process . he suggested fines be introduced to help improve australia post s service .
dr penman argues british people have lived too peacefully to innovate . rising inequality and division will lead to a collapse in society , he warns . adaption of genes means we are less aggressive or likely to go to war .
ventus x mouse has a non slip coating and honeycomb grill . features are designed to keep sweaty gamers hands cool under pressure . they mean that the mouse is easier to hold and sweat can evaporate easily . mouse is intended for serious gamers and is on sale for 50 34 .
football association have created a panel made up of concussion experts . the eight medical professionals will meet in may to discuss future plans . game has been criticised for not dealing with head injuries properly .
antonio valente , from dallas , texas , learned his photos had been used in a scam after he was contacted by the victim , marianne heinrich from vienna . she had been befriended online by a man calling himself johnson michael lynn who said he wanted to marry her and live with her and his daughter . she sent him 4 , 000 but realized it was a scam and tracked valente down . he has now reported the problem to facebook who removed the profile .
narrow two bedroom home in islington , north london has sold for 750 , 000 despite measuring 5ft wide in places . the estate agency describes the property as well proportioned and includes a reception room , shower and kitchen . it was put on the market for 750 , 000 , almost double what it sold for in 2001 when it was previously put up for sale .
hsbc was ordered to pay 500 to couple for distress and inconvenience . the banking giant was criticised for refusing to grant the 250 , 000 loan . bosses defended decision and argued it was entitled to apply maximum age policy .
loic remy hit the decisive goal as chelsea beat stoke 2 1 on saturday . he also scored the final goal in chelsea s 3 2 victory at hull . jose mourinho praised remy s scoring instinct and professionalism .
brenna happy cloud of salem , oregon , has accused facebook of discrimination after her account was suspended . the native american woman has been forced to use a different surname in order to regain access to her list of over 1 , 000 online friends . other people can use their nicknames , inappropriate names , but i ca n t use my real name , she said . happy cloud believes her native american heritage has been undermined by facebook s discriminatory policies .
manny pacquiao s bout with floyd mayweather less than a month away . the duo meet in a money spinning duel in las vegas on may 2 . pacquaio has shown off his multicoloured mouthpiece for the fight . read pacquiao thanks spike lee and tito mikey for their support . click here for all the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
belgian is determined to lift the premier league trophy for chelsea . they currently have a seven point lead at the top of the table . courtois has won silverware in each of his last five seasons . he already has a league cup winners medal in his collection .
boca juniors defeated palestino 2 0 with two late second half goals . leandro marin and jonatan calleri were both on the scoresheet . boca now face arch rivals river plate in the copa libertadores last 16 .
karim benzema will miss his side s la liga match against malaga . the real madrid star is expected to be fit in time to face atletico madrid . real madrid are just two points behind la liga leaders barcelona .
the discount chain yesterday posted annual sales exceeding 1 billion . it has now become europe s largest single price discount retailer . poundland benefited from austerity seen in the wake of the financial crisis . it also transformed high streets , luring customers away from superstores .
zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to visit pakistan for odi series in may . pakistan have not played host to major cricket series since 2009 . there have been security fears since sri lanka were victims of terror attack . team bus was targeted by gunmen in lahore , and eight people were killed .
father of one paul shorter , 31 , had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl . he was giving teenager one on one tuition at rydens school in surrey . court heard he had series of liaisons in serious breach of his position . admitted string of sex offences at guidlford crown court yesterday .
seamus coleman was penalised for handling in the penalty aread . coleman went down under pressure from marvin emnes . roberto martinez insisted after the game his player had been pushed . michael oliver decided it was a penalty , which jonjo shelvey converted .
nbc journalist jeff rossen filmed an airport worker at laguardia airport in new york doing push ups on the runway after loading up a plane . footage shows the employee wearing his high visibility jacket and gloves while performing the aerobic stunt . even after his 12th push up , the fitness enthusiast shows no sign of slowing down .
spiderfab uses arachnid like droids to construct large objects in orbit . could be used to create the infrastructure to get man to mars .
aston villa and reading both charged with failing to stop spectators encroaching on to the pitch during fa cup quarter finals . villa s victory over west brom was marred by chaotic scenes . reading s win over bradford saw fans invade the madejski stadium pitch . clubs have until thursday to respond to fa charges .
jennifer aniston , 46 , showed off her well toned arms at the oscars . she works out three times a week with her long term trainer , mandy ingber . what to try the medicine ball overhead press is great for upper arms .
zlatan ibrahimovic scored a hat trick and ezequiel lavezzi added fourth . striker took his psg career tally to 102 goals since joining three years ago . paris saint germain will face auxerre in the french cup final on may 30 .
racing fans dressed in their finest outfits have arrived for ladies day . event is one of the most anticipated of the racing and fashion calender . anxious to boost the image of event , today s theme was chanel inspired .
collector says he bought the outfit as it was about to be thrown away . vivien leigh wore it in several key scenes in the 1939 movie .
mercedes driver tried to avoid a traffic jam on the m58 in merseyside . attempted to undertake the queuing traffic on the road s outside lane . but one driver was n t happy and blocked the mercedes from getting ahead . pair repeatedly began to swerve as the mercedes tried to get past .
daniel ricciardo trained with martial artist in pr event ahead of formula one chinese grand prix . red bull have struggled at the start of the 2015 formula one season as ferrari have taken fight to mercedes . ricciardo finished sixth in australian grand prix and 10th in malaysian grand prix .
manny pacquiao takes on floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 . pacquiao will hold a public workout tonight in his gym in la . mayweather held his last night at the mayweather boxing gym . the fight will be worth at least 300m , the richest in boxing history . read mayweather admits he no longer enjoys boxing .
mamadou sakho limped off in liverpool win over blackburn rovers . sakho was replaced by kolo toure in the 28th minute of the 1 0 victory . liverpool face newcastle united in the premier league on monday night . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
grace mann , 20 , was found dead in fredericksburg , virginia , last week . local reports say she had a plastic bag stuffed down her throat . roommate , a 30 year old fellow student , has been charged with murder . parents paid tribute to her , and students rallied at memorial service .
daisy , 26 , stars in new rodial beauty shoot . shares the secrets behind her flawless look . has been partying in coachella with famous friends over the weekend .
a jury in placerville , california , took less than two hours on wednesday to return a guilty verdict against colleen ann harris . robert harris , 72 , was found dead from a shotgun blast at the couple s home in 2013 . colleen harris was charged in the 1985 shotgun killing of then husband , james batten . .
number of motorists to appear in court has increased by a quarter . the spike has been put down to introduction of smart motorways . conservatives are already moving to scrap controversial cameras . labour plans to repaint them yellow to make them easier to spot .
bafetimbi gomis to miss games against leicester , newcastle and stoke . gomis got injured against everton after a run of four goals in seven games . the 29 year old frenchman aims to return for arsenal on may 11 .
gangster kestutis martuzevicius accused of two murders in home country . has repeatedly stalled efforts to extradite him claiming he is too depressed . numerous appeals have cost taxpayers hundreds of thousands of pounds . the case reignited row over foreign criminals exploiting human rights law .
the new york man unapologetically demonstrates how he harasses women on the street while taking part in an on camera interview . he insists that the ticking , whistling , and kissing noises he makes at strangers makes them feel good . the man also explains that choosing a woman who is far away from him is better because she wo n t be as scared .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .
anti racism campaigners have asked carlisle to refuse admission to any fans who black up as part of the fancy dress theme . hartlepool fans plan to dress as bob marley on final day of the season . kick it out say they have received complaints from hartlepool fans .
navinder singh sarao is facing extradition and wanted by us authorities . he is alleged to have helped trigger a trillion dollar wall street flash crash . sarao will spend the weekend in jail after failing to pay his 5m bail .
tim sherwood worked with massimo luongo at tottenham hotspur . luongo has played a pivotal role in swindon s play off bid in league one . australian international was player of the tournament during asian cup .
beatrize carrion moore was charged with trespassing after warning , resisting arrest with violence and battery on a law enforcement officer . the incident occurred outside of a bar in west palm beach in florida . officers were called after reports about woman offering sex for money . bar patrons refused and woman would n t leave during friday night incident .
the greek government has proposed a new law which could see sporting events cancelled due to incidents of crowd violence in the country . uefa say that direct interference in football by government is not allowed . greece have been threatened with suspension unless they rescind laws . the greek government have refused to back down with the proposed law .
manchester united are monitoring edinson cavani s situation at psg . uruguayan striker is said to be unhappy about playing out wide in paris . agent claudio anelucci admits a move to england is a possibility . robin van persie could leave man united making room for cavani . read man utd consider cavani as inter milan eye robin van persie . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
connor sullivan , 17 , of cupertino , went missing from school early monday . junior returned home thursday night after hundreds searched for him . he used portable bathrooms at school , which has guava and quince trees . teenager told police that he slept under the bleachers every night .
new jersey school teacher cheryl meyer , 45 , told the governor his famous attitude wo n t be appreciated nationwide . the likely 2016 candidate , who was holding a town hall meeting , responded calmly and said i m trying to get better every day .
the usa women s soccer team have unveiled their new kits for the world cup . sportswear giants nike have been responsible for the new design . there has been some controversy surrounding the decision to make the kits black and white rather than the traditional red , white and blue .
injury forced carl froch to withdraw from bout with julio cesar chavez jnr . instead , chavez faces andrzej fonfara on saturday night . the wba super middleweight champion is searching for his next fight .
villagers in ansai , central china , spent 1 , 000 digging new 46m well . but when they pumped water to surface they said they could smell petrol . discovered that the water is so badly polluted that it can be set on fire . blamed leak at local petrol station , but owner has denied he is to blame .
floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 . he is the richest sportsman in the world and will earn 180m next month . but he makes no attempt to conceal his wealth on social media . and marvin hagler claims his behaviour does not befit a world champion .
the ipad was engraved with his holiness francisco and vatican internet service , march 2013 . a harley davidson the pope donated to charity sold for 284 , 000 last year .
wellington silva signed for arsenal in 2011 for 3 . 5 million from fluminese . he was ineligible for a work permit and has had five loan spells in spain . he has been granted spanish nationality , allowing him to play for arsenal . read theo walcott will open arsenal talks in next fortnight . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
xi jinping s sayings now available in a new smartphone app . scholars call it a new version of mao s little red book .
barking and dagenham to become first council to dna test dog mess . council could match dna with sample from mess and fine owners 80 . wants to encourage swab registration which would not be mandatory . schemes in the us have reduced dog fouling as much as 90 per cent .
randy linn was sentenced two years ago for starting a fire that caused 1million in damages to a suburban toledo , ohio mosque . he is now in a california prison and says he ca n t believe what he did . prosecutors said he drove two hours from his home and broke into the mosque , where he poured gasoline on a prayer rug and lit it on fire . he said that being forgiven would give him a little bit of peace of mind .
network regains control of facebook page and one of its 11 channels . isis logos displayed but no claim of responsibility made by any group . network reaches 260 million homes worldwide .
barcelona beat paris saint germain 3 1 in the champions league . injured david luiz forced into the fray after thiago silva limped off . luis suarez nutmegged luiz in lead up to both of his goals . the internet soon filled with memes at the brazilian s expense .
angelique kerber beat caroline wozniacki 3 6 , 6 1 , 7 5 in the final . the german world no 14 knocked out maria sharapova earlier in the week . kerber won a porsche sports car for her efforts in stuttgart .
john higgins defeated judd trump 5 4 at the china open in beijing . he will play defending champion ding junhui in the quarter finals . there were also wins for mark selby , shaun murphy and kurt maflin .
karim benzema will miss champions league clash against athletico . madrid squad all smiles during tuesday morning training session . quarter final tie finely poised after 0 0 first leg scoreline .
prime minister alexis tsipras had been expected to ask for hand out . but he insisted he did not ask for aid , saying greece was not a beggar . instead he and vladimir putin agreed to look at a package of investments .
theo walcott has just over a year left on his current 90 , 000 a week deal . liverpool and manchester city are interested in the arsenal winger . walcott has fallen down the pecking order at the emirates this season . the 26 year old wants to be playing regularly under arsene wenger . walcott will open talks about his future over the next two weeks .
leeds fans , kevin speight and christopher loftus , were killed before the uefa cup semi final first leg against galatasaray in istanbul in april 2000 . leeds are marking 15th anniversary with a minute s silence on saturday . wesley sneijder tweeted on the morning of the match finally my galatasaraysk knife set is now available and can be delivered everywhere . the striker later deleted the tweet after receiving angry responses . sneijder replied to one supporter very sorry . .
austria drew 1 1 against bosnia herzegovina on tuesday night . david alaba picked up a knee injury during the first half of the game . alaba was out for three months earlier this season after he suffered a partial ligament tear in his right knee .
nitrogen gas causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen , oklahoma says . the state s executions are on hold while the u . s . supreme court reviews the state s use of lethal injections .
films and movies are said to be driving a growing interest in occult forces . an exorcism expert claims youngsters are inspired by beautiful vampires . such shows include the hugely successful true blood series and twilight .
manchester city have slipped out of title race in a disappointing season . joe hart admits premier league champions are not where they want to be . city no 1 claimed loss to manchester united was particularly tough to take .
a 480 house development is proposed for next to a popular theme park . council plans do n t mention the helston amusement flambards . new owner ian cunningham fears people will buy houses then later complain about the noise , leading to restrictions on his park .
a man was caught on video savagely beating an elderly truck driver along the side of route 95 near baltimore , maryland . this after the truck driver hit the man s car , though he claims he only did so because he was cut off . tommy solis was driving by and filmed the incident , eventually getting out of his car to try and stop the fighting . the man refused to stop and got in the face of solis friend , who clocked him and left him passed out cold on the side of the road . solis then rolled him over so he would n t get hit by a car when they left the scene . no one reported the incident and no arrests have been made .
officials said the man s name was on a suitcase that did n t belong to him . packages containing 46lbs of cocaine were found inside the bag . the baffled tourist was hauled in for questioning at the airport in nice . police are satisfied that his name was fraudulently used on the bag .
a car plunged off a road into los angeles harbor on thursday , and two children pulled from the submerged vehicle were hospitalized . the adults were described as being in fair condition but clearly emotionally distraught . the events that led up to the accident are unknown . the victims have not been identified but they have been confirmed as a family . firefighter miguel meza who dove into the water in san pedro after a car carrying a family of four plunged into the water has been hailed a hero .
preacher trevor brooks has been refused a passport by the home office . brooks , 39 , is an associate of islamist firebrand preacher anjem choudary . a home office letter said he is linked to banned group al muhajiroun . it added he was assessed as being likely to travel to syria to fight for isis .
recorder philip cattan , 65 , cheshire , fell asleep during evidence of abuse . young victim had to tell her story for a second time after the trial collapsed . lord chancellor and lord chief justice reprimand the judge for his actions .
the second series is hosted by philip glenister and ant anstead . each episode takes a look at the history of various types of car . the pair return a number of old bangers back to their former glory . they also help people complete their stalled restoration projects .
isis snatched dozens of girls after storming the town of sinjar last august . taken to warehouse where they were lined up and hand picked by fighters . survivor says she shakes with fear when she sees someone with a beard .
chad hurst of salt lake city , utah was sucker punched by a plane passenger when they landed in the city sunday . this after hurst asked the young man to stop using foul language following their flight . hurst , a former corrections officer , then took down the man and pinned his arms behind his back while waiting for law enforcement . the young man , who has still not been named by police , was charged with assault and public intoxication .
aaron lennon signed on loan at everton from tottenham in january . the winger has four games remaining before his loan tenure ends . roberto martinez will talk about a permanent deal at the end of the season .
john terry helps chelsea earn 0 0 premier league draw against arsenal . chelsea captain has been in brilliant form for jose mourinho this season . jamie carragher believes terry is the premier league best centre back . mourinho that was terry best performance for chelsea . if there was a pfa defender of the year category , terry would clean up ! .
tom poynton missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries . he made his playing comeback during derbyshire s pre season tour .
wayne rooney is set to appear on ant and dec s saturday night takeaway . the england captain jokes around in interview with little ant and dec . manchester united forward admits that public attention can get annoying . the programme and interview will be aired on saturday night from 7pm .
state troopers say they found methamphetamine and marijuana on a bus carrying nelly and five others . nelly has been charged with felony possession of drugs .
leaked images claim to show next season s real madrid kit . the home shirt has grey trim and a round neck collar . the away kit is all grey , a departure from this season s pink offering .
21 year old woman from manchester phoned company about her bill . she made small talk with foreign call handler during short exchange . but she later received a series of inappropriate messages from the man . vodafone say they have suspended the worker and are investigating .
three vehicles collided on the brisbane valley highway , near fernvale . a 40 year old man with chest and shoulder injuries was airlifted to hospital . also flown out was a six year old girl suffering from abdominal pain . six others including an infant and two young girls had minor injuries . one person involved in the crash was found trapped inside their vehicle .
moussa sissoko was sent off against liverpool on monday night . john carver felt that sissoko s second booking was worthy of a red card . midfielder could be punished by his club on top of a two game ban . carver admits he is only concerned with results and not performances . newcastle are 13th in the table , nine points off the relegation zone .
veteran espn reporter shelley smith is set to return to work six months after announcing she had breast cancer . she will make her first appearance on april 30 , just before the nfl draft , . . after that she will return for five more rounds of chemotherapy .
james best , who played the sheriff on the dukes of hazzard , died monday at 88 . hazzard ran from 1979 to 1985 and was among the most popular shows on tv .
fiona fought off an intruder after finding him standing over her daughter . she was alerted to the break in after she heard him cut the fly screen . fiona pushed the man down the hallway and out her front door . she bashed her head on the doorway , leaving her with a black eye . police say there have been a spike in break in s around como . the unidentified man is still at large .
university of montana student studied recoveries after a workout . gave participants either fast food or supplement meals during recovery . found there was no difference in performance between the two groups . and levels of glycogen in fast food group were actually slightly higher .
ruslan bazarov was on a 100km cycle ride when he was struck by the truck . the truck passed barazov on the inside sucking him towards the trailer . the 28 year old cyclist suffered two fractures to his leg and a pelvic injury . the driver stopped soon after the incident road and blamed bazarov .
marcos rojo and angel di maria will spend easter sunday in portugal . man united defender rojo posted an image of himself on board plane . rojo was joined by his family including his wife and daughter . argentina ace rojo has been accused of sleeping with a fitness instructor . the red devils face local rivals manchester city on april 12 .
the late show with david letterman concludes may 20 . letterman s guests will include oprah winfrey and bill murray . stephen colbert takes over the slot september 8 .
sean bowen maintained three winner lead in conditional jockeys title race . bowen scored aboard abidja at newton abbot on monday afternoon . while , nico de boinville was victorious on one lucky lady at kempton . the latter can close gap with rusty nail and taylor at exeter on tuesday .
elijah mckenna , 11 , was mauled by neighbor s three rottweilers in oklahoma saturday . his 9 year old sister , alyssa , came to his rescue by scaring off the dogs and carrying injured boy home . elijah sustained deep cuts to his head and countless bite marks all over his face and body .
harry kane has been in superb form for tottenham this season . the 21 year old has scored 30 goals in all competitions for spurs . kane also made his england debut , and scored within two minutes .
the mystery of a dead man s body washed up on a beach 67 years ago may be solved thanks to the technological advances in dna testing . people walking along somerton beach , southwest of adelaide , found a dead fully clothed man , aged about 45 , lying on shore on december 1 , 1948 . post mortem concluded he died of poisoning but type was undetectable . handwritten note found in pocket of trousers but did n t provide any clues . the persian phrase ended was scrawled on the scrap of paper and secret code and woman s telephone number in book where paper came from . experts now say they have a good chance of identifying body through dna .
dave hax s youtube tutorial advises to score the skin before boiling . the method eliminates the need for peelers and will keep your hands clean . the video has received more than 1 . 5 million views since being uploaded .
a big pitfall on dinner dates is a struggle to find topics to discuss . tumblr blog called conversation sparks lists funny facts to avoid silence . they include tall men marry earlier but short men stay married longer .
isis released images showing graves being destroyed on social media . group said graves above ground showed dead closer to allah than living . this meant that they must be destroyed , the terrorist organisation argued .
the juventus starting line up which faced monaco had average age of 30years and 64days . juventus have one step in champions league semi finals after 1 0 win . inter milan hold record for oldest side to play in europe s elite competition . portsmouth fielded most experienced xi to play in the premier league .
kyhesha lee joughin died from bowel injuries in her father s home in 2013 . she suffered a penetrative injury to her vagina and blows to her stomach . her father allegedly locked her in a room for so long she urinated and defecated on herself . her father and his friend , who lived in the house when she died , have been granted bail . both men will face a committal hearing next month .
bali nine lawyers appeal to indonesia s constitutional court for review . indonesian attorney general dismisses challenge as a delay tactic . three other death row inmates are currently appealing decision . indonesia is still looking for date around hosting asia africa conference .
one pro cycling preparing to take on team sky and sir bradley wiggins . tour de yorkshire runs over three stages starting in bridlington on may 1 . prior s team and yorkshire race inspired by tour de france grand depart .
prosecutors have called more than 100 witnesses to testify . defense team expected to wrap up within a day or two . the 15 jurors could be sent out early next week to deliberate . hernandez has pleaded not guilty to shooting dead odin lloyd .
west indies opener kraigg brathwaite missed the ball but did n t review it . his apparent edge went to jos buttler off the bowling of chris jordan . with hotspot not available in this test , brathwaite accepted the dismissal . no doubt about james anderson s bowling of kraigg brathwaite . west indies went into lunch on day one in grenada on 36 for two .
all the police investigators have left the germanwings crash site , a police official says . private security company is ensuring no one goes on the site , official says . authorities say co pilot andreas lubitz deliberately crashed the plane , killing all 150 on board .
lucas hinch , who runs an herb and tea shop in colorado springs , said he d simply had enough of the computer s blue screen of death .
stars from across the world of sport turned out for the bt sport industry awards on thursday . recently retired jockey ap mccoy in attendance alongside the likes of england midfielder jack wilshere . southampton pair nathaniel clyne and ryan bertrand also pictured on the red carpet .
fc porto star jackson martinez came close to joining ac milan in january . 28 year old scored in their champions league 3 1 quarter final first leg win over bayern munich . martinez s goal against bayern was his 23rd strike in 31 games this season .
the wikileaks founder is wanted for questioning over sexual abuse claims he denies the allegations . assange has been holed up in the ecuadorian embassy in london since june 2012 .
the university of kentucky wildcats were kicked out of the ncaa tournament saturday night after a loss to wisconsin . at a press conference following the game , a reporter asked another uk player about wisconsin s frank kaminsky . harrison covered his mouth and said f that n referring to kaminsky , and the microphone picked up the slur . in a series of tweets on sunday , harrison apologized for the statement . kaminsky has said that nothing needs to be made out of the situation .
fresh questions have been raised over west ham s olympic stadium move . it is suggested the upcoming move may contravene european state aid law . club confident deal does n t contravene domestic or european legislation . west ham chiefs categorically state that it does not constitute state aid .
aston villa teenager jack grealish was pictured taking hippy crack . grealish was in impressive form in aston villa s win over liverpool . villa boss tim sherwood has warned grealish over his future behaviour .
torpedo moscow fans broke down barriers and threw seats . match suspended for seven minutes . . torpedo punished three times this season for racist behaviour from fans . russian premier league have promised a harsh punishment .
restaurant critic and festival curator leo schofield said living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life . he said the government cut funding to a festival he was setting up by 25 . the struggle for funding led him to develop acute depression . he criticised locals for wanting to dig it up , chop it down , sell it to the chinese . spokesperson for state s tourism industry council said his comments were blatant mistruths .
francis coquelin ready for head to head battle with nemanja matic . arsenal midfielder has shone since returning from a loan spell at charlton . gunners have failed to beat chelsea since october 2012 . read jose mourinho deep down admires what wenger has established . jose mourinho fabregas chose chelsea over arsenal to win trophies .
sheriff mbye died in hospital after being stabbed to death outside a kfc . today a second 18 year old has been arrested in connection with his death . another 18 year old was arrested on suspicion of murder on friday . officers have now been granted more time to question the man arrested .
prague s new metro extension transports travellers closer to the airport . they are forced to transfer to buses to travel the final five miles . but they must climb a set of stars because there is no escalator to buses . an escalator was constructed but it leads to an unbuilt train station .
pizza hut worker from alberta , canada , got a cold and called their gp . doctor wrote letter to their employer saying they do n t need a sick note . opens the letter praising patient for sensibly staying home from work .
andreas christopheros was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his truro , cornwall , home on december 9 . nicole phillips , 45 , from hastings , has been charged with perverting the course of justice and will appear at magistrates in bodmin on april 30 . husband david phillips , 48 , had already been charged over the attack . has denied grevious bodily harm with intent and will stand trial in june .
sheriff thomas hodgson who had aaron hernandez in custody for 18 months is opening up about the football star . he claims hernandez is a master manipulator who would charm prison guards and be polite to get what he wants . hodgson added that he thinks hernandez will be fine behind bars given his demeanor and attitude . hernandez was convicted april 15 of the 2013 killing of odin lloyd and received a life sentence .
steve mcclaren has been linked with a number of jobs including newcastle . derby are chasing a play off place and are sixth in the championship . the rams have been impressed with sean dyche in the premier league . derby want the burnley boss to replace mcclaren if he leaves this summer .
marc wabafiyebazu , 15 , has been arrested for felony murder and his brother jean , 17 , was shot dead on monday . this after an incident in which the two reportedly tried to rob a group of miami drug dealers . their mother is roxanne dub , the recently appointed canadian consul general in miami . the boys had driven to a house with a third friend to reportedly purchase two pounds of marijuana for 5 , 000 . gunfire erupted soon after they entered , though marc was in the car at the time . another man , joshua wright , was killed , and anthony rodriguez , who was wounded , was also arrested on charges of felony murder .
french health chiefs say binge drinking is anglo saxon phenomenon . half aged 18 25 in france admitted drinking with aim of getting drunk . number of young females admitting binging has tripled in last decade . minister wants to introduce fines or prison for inciting underage drinking .
john barnes appeared as a guest on sky s a league of their own show . the 51 year old rapped 1979 classic rapper s delight as part of a sketch . barnes ex liverpool team mate jamie redknapp joins in halfway through . barnes featured on anfield rap and world in motion in the past .
antolin alcaraz and sylvain distin are out of contract in the summer . neither player has been a first team regular in recent weeks . but manager roberto martinez insists both can force a new deal . everton have identified targets for the summer , including tom cleverley .
liverpool have agreed to a contract extension with their shirt sponsors . standard chartered s logo has appeared on liverpool shirts since 2010 . during their sponsorship , liverpool have only won one trophy .
southampton s highly rated defender nathaniel clyne is about to enter the final year of his current contract at the club and is stalling over new terms . clyne is wanted by several top clubs including manchester united . he has expressed a desire to play champions league football . the saints will actively look to sell clyne in the summer if they can not agree a new deal , because they do n t want to lose him on a free transfer .
posters were stuck on lampposts and bus stops in grangetown suburb . they told muslim electorate islam was only real workable solution for uk . cardiff council has begun removing the posters dubbed chilling by locals .
manchester united beat aston villa 3 1 in the premier league on saturday . man utd host manchester city at old trafford on sunday afternoon . red devils have won their last five league matches to move into third place . read manchester united end 499 day wait over manchester city . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
april 23 is st george s day the national saint s day of england . england footballers past and present took to social media to celebrate . harry kane posted a picture of his younger self with england face paint . rio ferdinand and gary cahill were among the other players celebrating .
ratinho was playing for remo in the brazilian cup on thursday night . remo salvaged a late draw against atletico pr . igor joao struck in the 76th minute for remo .
thomas cain s mother orae mae died in 1943 , when he was just 13 . he thought that no photographs of her had survived . granddaughter andrea ferrell , 29 , tracked one down , and filmed the reveal . emotional mr cain sheds tears as he looks on image from the 1920s . ferrell is now looking for other photos especially mr cain s father . can you help andrea ferrell track down the photograph of her great grandfather , henry cain ? .
murder and torture charges for detroit mom after bodies found in her freezer . prosecutors accuse mitchelle angela blair of killing her 13 year old daughter and 9 year old son . their bodies were discovered in her freezer as she was evicted from her home last month .
the new rules come barely a year after deeply unpopular restrictions enacted last march burned many inked soldiers . army chief of staff gen . ray odierno said the changes are being made in response to soldier feedback . the unpopular old rules banned tats below the knee or elbows and put limits on the size and number of tattoos , which will no longer be the case .
aaron cook was overlooked by team gb for the london olympics . taekwondo star has received citizenship from moldova and plans to fight for them at the rio 2016 games . the british olympic association could yet block the move .
ashley james , who starred on made in chelsea , models the bold bra . the 38 jessica plunge bra , by tutti rouge , comes in sizes 28d 38hh . features removable foam pads that push your boobs in for extra oomph .
belgian 15 year old star has had trials at liverpool and everton . thibaut verlinden will join stoke when he turns 16 in july . mark hughes will also sign moha el ouriachi from barcelona this summer .
manchester united hope to sign two new strikers this summer . robin van persie has been disappointing for much of this season . serie a giants juventus and inter milan are both keen on the dutchman . united are interested in paris saint germain striker edinson cavani . adrian durham rooney and carrick are the only man utd players with the football intelligence demanded by louis van gaal . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
arsenal host liverpool in the premier league on saturday afternoon . victory for arsenal will see the gunners move into second in the league . defeat for liverpool will see them trail the gunners by nine points .
due date believed to have been between last wednesday and yesterday . kate , 33 , plans to give birth at st mary s hospital in paddington , london . she may have already spoken to doctors about option of being induced . bookmaker s 6 1 joint favourite for birth date is tomorrow and tuesday .
brits each have on average three unwanted and unreturned items . four in 10 britons have an average of 77 of unwanted online shopping . more than 40 per cent simply could not be bothered to return item . research also shows a third of adults have bought things they did not want .
nasa chief scientist ellen stofan believes we re close to finding alien life . indications within a decade definitive evidence within 20 to 30 years , she said . finding water on other celestial bodies is key to determination .
manchester city captain vincent kompany and manager manuel pellegrini attended the first leg of the fa cup youth final against chelsea . head of youth development patrick vieira was also at the ground . city s youngsters fell to a 3 1 defeat at the club s academy stadium .
tim and brandy ward reared chickens and turkeys at home in oso . mudslide on march 22 crushed the house , killed brandy and their dogs . tim was buried under 25 feet of mud but was pulled to safety still alive . he has spent a year trying to settle his 360 , 000 mortgage . last week , an anonymous donor paid the lot to chase bank .
police in lucknow , northern india , have bought four drones to help control crowds . the unmanned aerial vehicles are being fitted with cameras and pepper spray to subdue angry protesters . some indians have questioned why police are resorting to authoritarian and forceful methods .
andrew silicani , 23 , of cheyenne , wyoming , pleaded guilty on monday to trying to hire a hit man to kill his mother and stepfather . the prison inmate had wanted to collect their life insurance money and inherit their house . silicani , who was serving a five to seven year sentence at the state prison in rawlins , now faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer . silicani told the judge he regarded his actions as a big error in judgment i d take it back if i could .
fred pagan , personal assistant to sen thad cochran r ms , is charged with possession and intent to supply meth , plus trafficking drugs . police raided his home after seizing date rape drugs addressed to him . pagan is accused of intending to swap drugs for sexual favors . he faces up to 40 years in prison , has been released until may court date . sen cochran has yet to comment on the arrest .
ravel morrison training with lazio ahead of summer switch . signed pre contract agreement with serie a side in january . left west ham after falling out of favour under sam allardyce .
former qpr manager says raheem sterling should stay at liverpool . sterling has turned down a new 100 , 000 a week contract at the club . steve mcmanaman brands sterling interview ridiculous and baffling .
barcelona beat psg 3 1 in their champions league quarter final first leg tie . luis suarez scored twice for barca in their win at the parc des princes . suarez has scored 19 goals for barcelona in all competitions this season .
the direct marketing commission probing b2c data and data bubble . investigating whether they breached rules on the sale of private data . chief commissioner described allegations made about firms as serious .
sol campbell is part of a campaign to encourage minorities to vote . he joins david harewood , tinie tempah and ade adepitan . campbell has often said he is interested in a career in politics . he ruled out standing for the conservatives in kensington .
two famous wrestlers , balla gaye 2 and eumeu sene , competed in le choc at demba diop stadium in dakar . after a brutal encounter , roared on by the crowd in the sold out stadium , the burly sene emerged victorious . prior to the showdown event , other athletes dressed in loin cloths took to the arena for a series of bruising bouts . wrestling s popularity in senegal make it a lucrative business in a country where the average annual income is 980 .
surrey sign the australian all rounder for natwest t20 blast . moises henriques has played 3 tests , 6 odis and 4 t20s for australia . the 28 year old will join after his stint in the indian premier league .
160 , 000 people made same journey last year often on overcrowded vessels . nine bodies recovered after boat carrying 150 people capsized near libya . number of migrants dying in the mediterranean has increased ten fold .
officials insist there were no weapons on board and atomic reactor is safe . fire had started during welding , causing insulation materials to catch fire . the russian nuclear submarine was submerged to extinguish the fire .
kits are intended to be a temporary solution to broken fillings and crowns . they can be bought in supermarkets for around 5 or even pound shops . products are on the rise as people say they ca n t afford dental treatment . study reveals that 20 per cent of people would carry out diy dentistry .
police are hunting a woman who stole 60 from epileptic woman s handbag . victim collapsed and suffered a violent seizure that lasted 20 minutes . passers by rushed to help but police believe one person took advantage . police have released cctv footage of a woman they want to speak to .
german banking giant has been fined for its role in a vast multi year conspiracy to rig libor interest rates . deutsche bank employees defrauded counterparties in emails , telephone calls and electronic chats . settlement agreement allows deutsche bank to keep its operating license in the united states . co chief executive jurgen fitschen expressed regret for the rigging and said no one on the management board had known about the misconduct .
nice forward alassane plea is attracting interest from the baggies . west brom are also keeping tabs on ex blackburn right back bryan dabo . read tony pulis confident of keeping hold of saido berahino .
ceara lynch , 28 , is paid to indulge men s fetish fantasies , which often include elements of humiliation . she began her career at age 17 selling used underwear online and has gone on to create web videos . ceara now owns a minimum of 1 a minute for making custom videos . she gets a kick out of her job , which includes hearing the secret fantasies of thousands of men .
jordan henderson looking for 100 , 000 a week contract at liverpool . the reds vice captain is approaching the final year of his current deal . henderson has already rejected a five year deal worth 80 , 000 per week .
danny ings contract expires in the summer and is set to leave burnley . real sociedad want to take ings to la liga on a free transfer . manager david moyes faces competition from liverpool among others .
two trainee obstetricians have reportedly been removed from a newly opened 2 million hospital in western australia . they were removed due to concerns about the quality of service and problems with patient safety at the obstetric unit , according to a report . health authorities say the move was made in order to reshuffle junior medical staff . there s been a string of controversial incidents in the hospital , including the death of a patient last month .
aston villa face liverpool in their fa cup at wembley on sunday . the winners will either face reading or arsenal from the other semi final . fa cup final will take place at wembley on may 30 .
richard sherman shared a photo of his son rayden on instagram . rayden was born on february 5 , just a few days after sherman and the seattle seahawks lost the super bowl to the new england patriots . rayden s mother is sherman s girlfriend , ashley moss . it was just announced the seahawks would play the denver broncos in their first preseason game .
name of ancient goddess of egypt was on wmo list for hurricanes in 2016 . organization deemed name inappropriate and replaced it with name ivette . wmo has rotating lists of names for various regions that run from a to z . mexico requested to retire name odile and odalys will be its replacement .
the breakfast club script was found in a high school filing cabinet 30 years later . school officials hope to display the draft script .
investigators have been searching andreas lubtiz s internet search history . lubitz sought information online on various methods of taking his own life . he is also believed to have researched the cockpit door locking system . investigators now want to determine why the captain left the cockpit .
li chien , 30 , became annoyed by neighbour s barking dog lucky . using a bread knife , a heavily intoxicated li slit lucky s throat . owner tang chao found his dog dead in a pool of blood in his yard .
listeria concerns have led to thousands of classic hummus containers being part of a voluntary recall , sabra dipping co . said monday . recalls started after random sample taken by food inspectors in michigan tested positive for listeria on march 30 . sabra dipping co . said that customers will be refunded if they return the products to stores . for questions about the recall , call sabra , 9am to 5pm , monday through friday at 888 957 2272 .
an unidentified man was caught on the nbc sports channel wandering across the green at the ko olina resort in oahu and plunging into a pond . announcers could n t help but chuckle at the course crasher s escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind . thegolfnewsnet . com reported that the man made it out of the water with his hat , but had to leave the beer behind . the 2015 lotte championship , hosted at the ko olina resort in hawaii , comes to a close on april 18 .
tomas berdych defeated gael monfis 6 1 , 6 4 on saturday . the sixth seed reaches monte carlo masters final for the first time . berdych will face either rafael nadal or novak djokovic in the final .
lewis hamilton s fortune has spiralled by 20m to 88m in the past year . wayne rooney is now second in the sunday times sport rich list . the manchester united captain s fortune is up 12m to 72m . f1 driver jenson button is 1m behind rooney in third place .
lorna mccarthy was fatally stabbed through the heart last september . ex husband barry mccarthy attacked her in the norfolk home they shared . mrs mccarthy had previously sent texts saying she feared for her life . mccarthy , 51 , was found guilty of murder at norwich crown court today .
benefits cheat ian drinnan , 58 , claimed had he could barely walk or bend . blackpool rangers coach claimed 3 , 500 in disability benefits for arthritis . but he was caught out after being filmed erecting goal posts for his team .
20 time champion ap mccoy s penultimate race will be with mr mole . his last mount is box office in the 20 runner handicap hurdle . mccoy s closes the curtain on a glittering career at sandown on saturday .
harry kane captained tottenham for the first time in 0 0 draw with burnley . it came after he scored and won his first two caps for england this week . kane has hailed the spell as the best week of my life in brilliant season .
american transgender woman hayley carney has never met british fiancee . she will marry in hope of fulfilling lifelong dream of becoming uk citizen . said she believes britons are more openly accepting of people like her .
psg defender david luiz had a tough night against barcelona . the former chelsea player was at fault for both goals his side conceded as they crashed out of the champions league on tuesday . itv pundit roy keane has expressed his sympathy for luiz .
incident occurred as the boeing 737 800 landed at khajuraho airport . plane tilted to one side and left engine scraped along runway . crew ordered an evacuation and passengers slid down emergency slides . jet airways said no one was injured and reports of a fire were false .
zach birnie films his descent of mountain with a helmet mounted camera . snow begins falling around skier while he negotiates the off piste slope . after being buried alive zach manages to fight himself free from the snow . the terrifying incident occurred on the slopes in revelstoke , canada .
openly gay high school junior , anthony martinez , had reached his wits end trying to find a boy date . in a bid to find a suitor for his may 2 dance in nevada , he tuned to twitter . he was over joyed when his straight guy friend , jacob lescenski , stepped in to fill the spot . he was even more touched when his guy pal came up with an extra special promposal idea which has since garnered global attention .
sandra mathis , 52 , charged with murder for allegedly stabbing 48 year old husband multiple times after argument . mathis was caught on camera weeping with blood on her face as she was being handcuffed . couple , who had problems with alcohol , lived in makeshift camp under a bridge in san diego .
the china national tourism administration will monitor tourist behaviour . unruly chinese citizens will be contacted when they return to the country . the country has had bad press from a string of publicised incidents .
jonas gutierrez was an unexpected inclusion , but performed well . dick advocaat continued sunderland s new managers winning tradition . john carver left jack colback exposed to sunderland hate at left back .
more people have been displaced than live in moscow more people lost their homes than live in greater boston . the wfp has cut food ration sizes by 30 for lack of donations .
hector bellerin broke theo walcott s arsenal sprint record last summer . arsenal defender bellerin says the result has caused a bit of banter . the arsenal youngster has impressed at right back this season . return of mathieu debuchy leaves arsene wenger a decision to make . bellerin scored opening goal for arsenal against liverpool last week .
sir bradley wiggins left team sky after paris roubaix on april 12 . tour de yorkshire begins in bridlington and finishes in leeds from may 1 3 . wiggins eponymous team is completed by steven burke , mark christian , andy tennant , owain doull and jon dibben .
mauricio pochettino takes tottenham to his former club southampton . saints fans encouraged to wear orange for ronald koeman day . clothing company has printed t shirts with the dutchman s quote the key is to believe in ourselves .
31 per cent of british men say they have never washed their own car . only 12 per cent that have cleaned their own car say they do it regularly . rise in hand car washes on local forecourts blamed for art dying out .
millers await verdict of three man football league disciplinary panel . manager steve evans expects decision before norwich home game . rotherham fielded an ineligible player against brighton on easter monday .
the omura s whale was discovered on a remote exmouth beach in wa . it was washed up on the beach by tropical cyclone olwyn . authorities found it hard at first to identify the 5 . 68 m juvenile female . however dna profiling confirmed it was an omura s whale . it is the first sighting of the species in wa and only the second in australia .
man united are willing to pay robin van persie 5m to leave old trafford . van persie has 14 months left on his current contract . united want to free up wages as they search for another striker . dutch striker has scored 10 premier league so far this season .
lpac , a pro lgbt super pac , launched lesbians4hillary on monday . group is co chaired by tennis great billie jean king . hillary clinton opposed gay marriage until 2013 a year after obama came out in support . she also did not publicly object to passage of do n t ask do n t tell and the defense of marriage act as first lady under her husband s administration .
bayern director matthias sammer is worried about average age of squad . sammer insists the bundesliga giants must blood new generation . philipp lahm and bastian schweinsteiger are both in their 30s .
japanese species of fish found inside the remains of floating vessel . latest of one million tons of debris dispersed in the pacific by tsunami . oregon authorities plan to tow the 25 ft piece of fiberglass . 18 , 000 died in the disaster with waves reaching 128 ft above sea level .
bradford brewery tweeted george galloway asking if he was still a thing . respect candidate for bradford west replied saying tweet was unwise . spat went viral and bradford brewing company has seen its sales spike . beer makers even plan to run for mp if galloway is re elected on may 7 .
joshua sweet , 20 , broke into the house in the early hours of the morning . victim was psychologically scarred after being assaulted in her own bed . maximum sentence is 8 years but sweet served just two months on remand . support charity says victim s deserve justice in reaction to lenient sentence .
teen allowed to return home now that her chemotherapy is complete . cassandra was diagnosed with hodgkin s lymphoma in september . teen was in temporary custody of the connecticut department of children and families .
kim ki jong is charged with attempted murder and assaulting a foreign envoy . he s accused of stabbing u . s . ambassador mark lippert in the face and arm . police said kim opposed the joint u . s . south korean military drills .
ken doherty is struggling in his final world championships qualifier . the 1997 world champion trails mark davis 8 1 after the first session . graeme dott must also spark a comeback at 5 4 down to yu delu .
maria malone guerbaa , 41 , used just brushes and paint to transform face . posted pictures of the process ahead of the easter weekend . london based talent has also painted a cougar and owl on her features .
black cat rademenes snuggles with dogs and cats at the polish shelter . he was brought in to the animal hospital with a respiratory infection . after surviving the illness as a two month old kitten he now helps others . rademenes comforts the strays after surgery and even licks their ears .
vincent viafore , 46 , from poughkeepsie was on the hudson river near newburgh , new york , with angelika graswald on sunday . he was thrown out of the boat when they hit rough waters . she was rescued by people in a nearby boat and made it to shore . residents say the water at this time of year is precarious as it is so cold .
weather experts predict temperatures will dip by around ten degrees . plunge means britain will be colder than moscow , stockholm and finland . arctic airmass from iceland to blame for the sharp change in temperature . forecaster also predict thousands of runners could be in for wet london marathon .
lewis hamilton said at malaysian grand prix that contract was nearly done . british world champion is negotiating contract without an agent . hamilton admits it is unlikely mercedes deal will be agreed this weekend . driver is preparing for shanghai grand prix in china .
rev coles sits on the board of wellingborough homes housing association . vicar is known for presenting radio 4 s human interest show saturday live . attacked tory plans to sell housing association homes as a right to steal . confessed in memoir last year that he had taken drugs including cocaine , ecstasy and amphetamines .
stoke have opened talks over a contract extension for asmir begovic . manager mark hughes is keen to keep the in form goalkeeper at the club . he feels begovic could be central to stabilising stoke in the top half . begovic has attracted top suitors including spanish giants real madrid . he put in an excellent performance during stoke s win over southampton .
wayne rooney was handed the captain s armband last summer . the manchester united skipper insists you have to do it your own way . rooney insists team spirit is good but there are times he has to speak up .
social media users flooded the internet with selfies on anzac day . several images had inappropriate and disrespectful captions . trend of misspelt hashtags , included lessweforget leastweforget . people pulled faces , stuck their tongues out and posed under anzacday . the photographs were taken from instagram and shared on a tumblr page .
the boxer shared the images on snapchat while driving his car in the u . s . . came as he was travelling in the city of fremont close to san francisco . under californian law , it is illegal to use a mobile phone while driving .
eligah christian , 49 , was taken into custody friday after his unsuccessful bid to elude capture near sarah palin s home of wasilla . christian was being sought on a 100 , 000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud , 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks .
dave king is bidding to become the new chairman of rangers . he must convince the sfa that he is up to the job . king ousted the previous directors from ibrox last month . the 60 year old businessman will face questions over his 41 south african tax law convictions and previous ibrox involvement .
inter milan have asked manchester city about loaning stevan jovetic . city are willing to listen to cash offers for the former fiorentina star . roberto mancini is also keen on a deal for city midfielder yaya toure . he believes toure would choose to join inter if he leaves city this summer .
james holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity in the 2012 theater shooting . his trial begins monday , and homes faces 165 counts , including murder and attempted murder .
floyd mayweather is set to take on manny pacquiao on may 2 . pacquiao s promoter bob arum says contracts have n t been signed . arum says the draft he received is different from the agreed terms . tickets for the fight at mgm grand have yet to go on sale . mayweather vs pacquiao wbc unveil 1m emerald green belt . mayweather is a control freak , says pacquiao s promoter .
phil haste , 60 , issued with 50 fine for not showing tax disk in his car . this is despite it not becoming a legal requirement six months ago . he was also told he had not shown a pay and display ticket in his car . but he has a valid car parking permit , so said decision was diabolical .
geraldine alcorn , 29 , of pittsburgh waived a preliminary hearing on a felony charge that she interfered with the parental custody of her 11 year old student . in exchange for the waiver prosecutors dropped two misdemeanors alcorn faced luring a child into a vehicle and corruption of minors . police believe her interest in the child was not sexual , but it was obsessive and she allegedly told the girl she wanted to run away with her . the girl s mother , a single parent , complained to school officials after finding out alcorn had visited the girl at their home while the mother was working .
joel burger and ashley king have been engaged since october . their engagement photo with a burger king sign attracted , and the company offered to pay for their wedding .
video shows six children asked to pick out their mother while blindfolded . mums become emotional waiting to see if their child will recognise them . pandora created the unique connection for mother s day . the video has so far been viewed 2 . 8 million times on youtube .
three british men wo n t be charged or deported , their lawyer says . they were arrested after plane spotting near fujairah airport and have been in jail since february 22 .
silhan ozcelik , 18 , went missing from kurdish family s home last october . court heard she travelled on eurostar to stuttgart , home of kurdish workers party youth movement . ozcelik , from clissold park , north london , charged with one terror offence .
pupils applying to cambridge university may have to take an entrance test . exams could be introduced next year and would help select best applicants . university says changes to exams has made it harder to choose students .
shinto kanamara matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular tourist attraction . known as the festival of the steel phallus , participants pray to a god of fertility and protection from infections . rainy weather did n t ruin the mood at this year s festival , which attracted a large crowd of holidaymakers .
mohammed waqar , 23 , and mohammed siddique , 60 , allegedly slapped boy repeatedly during religious lessons at jamia mosque in birmingham . boy attacked for making mistakes when reciting koran during studies . given black eye during one assault and police arrested the teachers .
kalimah dixon of georgia lost condo and belongings in fire on monday . she said her children , aged one to 14 , now have nothing . mother of three girls and three boys said american red cross has helped . but , she said shelters turn the family away while she looks for place to live .
isobel attwood , 16 , has not made contact with her family since saturday . friends believe she could be in southampton with a man in his 20s . the schoolgirl is described as white , small , 5ft 4ins tall , with brown hair . she posted on facebook saying sorry for causing s for everyone .
uss oklahoma was lost during japanese attack on pearl harbor in 1941 . hundreds of crew members were buried without identification .
tesco s dress is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market . the cheaper materials mean the 80 gown can be handwashed at home . similar low priced gowns are now also available on the high street . it reflects growing number of couples seeking to cut wedding costs .
a charity group is preparing aid packages for those who want to return home . the attacks have left 5 dead two immigrants and three south africans . a 14 year old boy is among those killed after a mob with machetes targeted foreigners .
west ham take on qpr at loftus road in the premier league on saturday . rob green played for sam allardyce at west ham during 2011 12 season . green has 12 england caps but made calamitous error at 2010 world cup . the west ham manager believes the mistake has haunted green ever since . but thinks he is capable of challenging joe hart for the england no 1 spot .
warning graphic content . journalist at russian tv channel step on landmine in east ukraine . andrei lunev received serious head and lower extremities wounds . six government troops and one rebel fighter dead after clashes overnight .
wolfsburg drew 1 1 with schalke in the bundesliga on sunday . nicklas bendtner was due to start but was dropped from the squad . it was punishment after bendtner arrived late for training on friday .
james boase was twice the drink drive limit when he struck a car . the pub landlord claimed he went sleepwalking after going to bed . magistrates in torquay dismissed his explanation and convicted him . after his conviction , boase said it is my intention to never drink again .
raheem sterling has been videoed allegedly inhaling nitrous oxide . young liverpool star was pictured on sunday puffing on a shisha pipe . the 20 year old scored in liverpool s 2 0 win over newcastle united . brendan rodgers said he will remind his player about his responsibilities .
sandie konopelski , 58 , of shiloh , illinois , struck by train on friday morning . hit by st louis metrolink train on tracks between swansea and belleville . licensed by state department of natural resources as wildlife rehabilitator . she died of blunt force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene .
shocking footage has emerged of three young thugs threatening a driver . the red ute appeared frustrated as they attempted to overtake a slow car . when the ute pulled up in front of another car , three people got out . an armed woman was seen stabbing the car s bonnet on a melbourne road . the ute driver has been suspended for 12 months and hit with a 2000 fine . police are investigating the woman who was armed with a weapon .
jules bianchi severely injured his head in japanese grand prix crash . his father said he is still in a coma but his condition is stable . philippe bianchi also spoke of the pain his family have gone through .
the actor says he s not planning on seeing the buzzed about documentary . he called scientology brilliant . travolta credits the church with helping him deal with his son s death .
stuart mccall insists he s loving life managing rangers despite pressures . the gers lost their first under mccall losing 3 0 to queen of the south . the former motherwell boss does n t regret taking on the difficult role . click here for all the latest rangers news .
john thurston started building the bizarre vessel while getting divorced . he took the hull of a catamaran and placed the caravan on top . the 80 year old enjoys cruising up and down the river swale in kent .
police worried about teen girl who has been missing since friday afternoon . sally gordon smith , 14 , was last seen leaving her school near melbourne . police confirmed she was still missing early on saturday morning . an image of ms gordon smith released in the hopes of finding her quickly .
272 children left disabled by alcohol exposure were hospitalised last year . the figures , for the past 12 months in england alone , spark new warning . experts say actual number affected by mother s drinking could be higher . who at least one in 100 babies , 7 , 500 every year , could suffer problems .
theia , a bully breed mix , was apparently hit by a car , whacked with a hammer and buried in a field . she s a true miracle dog and she deserves a good life , says sara mellado , who is looking for a home for theia .
two thirds are also not willing to consider joining into a group to ensure at least one surgery in an area is open on saturdays and sundays . but weekend trials show numbers going to a e fell by 8 to 10 per cent . survey by british medical association also found most felt 10 minute appointments to short , while heavy workloads meant patient care suffered .
bill de blasio wants to be a more liberal alternative to hillary clinton . new york mayor s bid is allegedly backed by working families party . de blasio , clinton s former campaign manager , has yet to endorse her .
light gold moto 360 is available for customers to pre order online from o2 . customers ordering before 10pm on 20 april will receive watch on 21 april . it will then go on general sale from o2 stores on 23 april for 249 . 99 .
this year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker s most prestigious tournament at the crucible theatre . barry hearn is close to extending deals with sheffield city council . hearn is also close to securing a new deal with the bbc . both deals are due to expire in 2017 .
the curl crested jay is known to be a good mimic of sound . bird makes the sound of running water and a distorted voice . before it produces a peculiar space invaders style tune . video was shot at the criadouro onca pintada breeding centre .
wigan secured their first away win of the super league season . joe burgess scored three of the warriors seven tries . wigan climb above st helens into second place , at least for 24 hours .
an unnamed burglary suspect was arrested at a crime scene in birmingham , alabama , on sunday . despite being handcuffed he managed to escape by driving off in a police car . the suspect was taken back into police custody after he abandoned the car and attempted to escape on foot . the man , currently in the birmingham city jail , is expected to be formally charged on monday .
31 year old was transferred to solitary confinement in hmp manchester . wants to be moved to ashworth hospital , a high security psychiatric unit . killed two men before luring two officers to house with fake 999 call . fired 32 bullets at fiona bone and nicola hughes and threw a grenade .
the overturned car was smoldering on a new jersey roadway when police arrived . it burst into flames shortly after they pulled out the unconscious driver .
the pakistani government says its security agencies are investigating . a group believed to be based in pakistan s balochistan province claims responsibility .
tito vilanova died aged 45 on april 25 last year after a long cancer battle . vilanova was pep guardiola s assistant during a golden spell for the club . he was key to three la liga and two champions league titles from 2008 12 .
frankie franz watched the right back pull off the audacious shot in a video . nine year old joked with his mum and grandmother that he could make it . youngster moved hoop into middle of the garden and twice achieved feat . frankie is an academy player with dagenham and redbridge football club . he plays centre midfield and dreams of one day turning out for barcelona .
steve thompson suspended by leeds just 19 games in to no 2 role . speculation mounting over future of manager neil redfearn . leeds are 13th in the championship with 52 points .
paulo dybala is being tracked by manchester united , chelsea and arsenal . inter milan , juventus and paris saint germain are among others interested . inter boss roberto mancini was spotted at the palermo match on sunday . palermo president maurizio zamparini is demanding 36m from psg . read dybala says he would love a serie a stay .
singer songwriter joni mitchell is still hospitalized . her longtime friend leslie morris wants to be appointed her conservator .
jehovah s witness and her baby have died after refusing blood transfusion . the 28 year old suffered from leukemia but refused treatment due to beliefs . over 80 per cent of treated pregnant leukemia sufferers go into remission . doctors and staff have described the distressing scene after the baby died and then the woman suffered a fatal stroke and multi organ failure .
winston reid signed six and a half year deal with west ham last month . new zealand defender believes he can fulfil all his ambitions at hammers . west ham set to move to the olympic stadium in 2016 17 .
students stampeded some jumped from a fifth story at a dorm one student died , school officials say . the blasts were caused by faulty electrical cable , and kenya power is at the school . the panic came less than two weeks after terrorists attacked kenya s garissa university .
michelle pfeiffer is set to star in a new television comedy about a morning news program . katie couric will serve as an executive producer , drawing on her experience as an anchor on today for 15 years . the series was created by diane english , who was behind the show murphy brown , about a female news anchor . the ladies are currently in talks with hbo , showtime , amc , netflix and amazon to pick up the program .
paul aldridge joined the club as vice chairman and ceo in january 2011 . aldridge had before worked at west ham , leieceter and manchester city . glenn roeder and adam pearson are part of a new management team at sheffield wednesday .
sportsmail have teamed up with golfbidder for the giveaway . the exclusive bundle includes a callaway xr driver , callaway xr 3 wood , callaway xr hybrid and a set of callaway xr irons . a dozen callaway chrome soft golf balls is also included . click here to enter the competition .
headteacher linda shute has banned tea , coffee , fruit juice and soft drinks . pupils at rowdown primary school in new addington can only drink water . but outraged parents have launched a campaign to overturn the decision . they claim children are going all day without a drink because they do n t like water .
black players allegedly heckled and racially abused during sunday s game . milan say incidents if true are simply unacceptable . milan take on benfica in universal cup semi finals in tuscany on monday .
the new jersey parents are divorced and share custody of their three kids . father claimed his ex abused her parental discretion by taking daughter to see pink in december 2013 in newark . judge ruled that while the singer can be suggestive , her works are not inappropriate for a preteen .
lewis hamilton claimed third grand prix win of the season on sunday . he will now help nicolas prepare for british touring car championship . younger brother set to become the first disabled competitor to take part .
egypt , saudi arabia to launch joint military maneuvers inside saudi borders . the arms embargo applies to the houthis and backers of ex president saleh . russia abstains from the u . n . security council vote over the inclusion of sanctions .
kieron power took photographs of police vehicles parked in a bus stand . delivery driver s wife was given a ticket for doing the same a week earlier . on the drive home , mr power was pulled over under anti terror laws . he was questioned and ordered to delete the photos but he refused .
wigan exact revenge on st helens in super league grand final rematch . warriors come out on top in tense clash at sell out dw stadium .
student martina levato , 23 , wrote a list of her ex boyfriends , a court heard . accused of carrying out attacks with current lover alexander boettcher , 30 .
liverpool beat newcastle united 2 0 at anfield on monday night . the win moved them to within four points of fourth place manchester city . jordan henderson has played a europe wide record 47 games this season . but he hopes liverpool have staying power to put pressure on city .
jane laut , 57 , stands accused of shooting dead her bronze medalist shot putter husband dave laut in august 2009 . laut claims self defense while prosecutors say she s a murderer however , they were unable to get a case together by the time of the trial . when a california judge threw out the prosecution s request again delay the several times postponed trial , they dropped the charges and refiled . the defense calls the maneuver an unprofessional delay tactic almost unheard of in a murder case .
angela merkel and husband spotted while on italian island holiday . chancellor has been staying in the same village and hotel for years . the five star spa hotel where she vacations cost up to 280 a night . mrs merkel has been ejoying pilates classes and healthy meals .
officers were seen running around as they attempted to catch the foal . the incident took place around 10am on tuesday along interstate 35w . traffic was backed up as a result . sheriffs eventually caught the pony and returned him to his owner .
alex oxlade chamberlain and kieran gibbs met up with rapper tyga . the arsenal stars took the rack city artist for tour around the emirates . arsenal take on hull in the premier league on monday night . read arsenal , chelsea and tottenham chase wonder boy charlie patin .
javier hernandez scored a late goal to secure victory for real madrid . thierry henry says hernandez owes cristiano ronaldo for the assist . sky sports pundit henry responded to those who disagreed with his comments by posting a video of michael laudrup s passing . he said on twitter the pass can be just as important as the goal .
george gittoes was awarded the sydney peace prize on saturday . it was in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world . the australian artist did this through painting , photography and film . the 65 year old will receive the prize at a november ceremony in sydney . gittoes says he does n t consider himself in the same league as previous winners such as desmond tutu and noam chomsky .
the russian outfit have been wound up after going bankrupt . rotor volgograd famously beat manchester united in the uefa cup . david beckham , paul scholes and roy keane played against rotor in 1995 .
rommel , nicknamed the desert fox , became an iconic wartime figure . he was known for the stylish goggles he wore across his peak cap . they were actually a gift from british major general michael gambier parry . he gave them to rommel after the general helped retrieve his stolen hat .
moeen ali picked up side injury during england s dismal world cup . injury meant all rounder was not considered for squad to tour west indies . but moeen is hoping to join up with the squad later in the tour .
attorney general holder reiterates justice department policy on prostitutes . soliciting prostitutes is banned , even in places where it s legal , holder says . his memo comes weeks after a report involving dea agents and prostitutes .
olivia munn will play psylocke in x men apocalypse film . psylocke trended for hours on twitter after director bryan singer announced casting .
four manchester city stars pull on the gloves for spring derby showdown . no manchester united players chose to take such drastic measures . united defeated city 4 2 at old trafford despite going a goal down early on .
relationship issues and sexual problems discussed over a pint with mates . hidden cameras recorded 70 hours of footage at lord nelson , east london . cameras did not show any mention of football and women rarely discussed .
an arrest warrant has been issued ben cousins after he failed to show up in court . cousins , 36 , had been on bail for an alleged low speed police chase on march 11 . he was charged with reckless driving , failing to stop and refusing a breath test . cousins has been involved in a string of bizarre incidents in the weeks since which have seen him hospitalised for mental health checks .
manchester city entertain west ham in the premier league on sunday . frank lampard took part in city training on wednesday ahead of encounter . lampard has scored seven goals in 32 appearances for city this season .
the house in the sea is located in newquay , cornwall and is the perfect getaway retreat . it is connected to the mainland by a 90ft high bridge and is completely surrounded with water when the tide is in . guests can book the luxury cottage , which includes a bar , tv , wifi and billiards table .
carla suarez navarro beat venus williams in the miami open quarter finals . the spaniard fought back from a first set bagel to win 0 6 , 6 1 , 75 . german no 9 seed andrea petkovic beat karolina pliskova 6 4 , 6 2 . click here for all the latest from the miami open .
football and rugby stars met in crossbar challenge for st george s day . arsenal s alex oxlade chamberlain and gary cahill of chelsea took on bath star george ford and exeter chief s jack nowell . england fly half ford came closest to winning by skimming the bar .
hms ocean had five women removed in nine years , according to new data . at least one sailor airlifted from hms illustrious , nicknamed hms lusty . mod spokesman confirmed there was a strict no touching rule in place .
jose luis gaya is wanted by both chelsea and manchester city . the premier league clubs are willing to pay his 13m buyout clause . left back gaya , 19 , is also the subject of interest from real madrid .
celtic beat st mirren 2 0 in their scottish premiership clash on good friday . leigh griffiths was named among the celtic substitutes for the match . striker was caught eating a biscuit during the first 10 minutes of the match .
chancellor said show was a fantastic advert for britain and british talent . he confessed to having a crush on its female lead character demelza . vowed to maintain tax relief on big tv productions which have encouraged the makers of poldark and other series to choose the uk .
tracey neville is coach of manchester thunder netball team . gary neville , phil neville and paul scholes appear in video to promote team . manchester united legends throw a netball and click along to music . england s women s footballers and coronation street stars also join in .
carlos colina , 32 , is arraigned on charges of assault and battery , improper disposal of a body . body parts were discovered saturday in a duffel bag and a common area of an apartment building . the victim in the case is identified as jonathan camilien , 26 authorities say he knew colina .
arsenal backed out of signing eden hazard in the summer of 2012 . chelsea instead landed this season s standout player for 32million . arsene wenger admits he does not have any regrets at missing out . wenger says signing hazard was not financially viable for arsenal .
harry kane won his first two england caps last week . the tottenham striker has scored eight times in 10 under 21 games . but dalgish believes he has moved on now , and should not return . kane is eligible for gareth southgate s team this summer .
osborne accidentally divulged plans for a tax free minimum wage . could mean minimum wage earners would n t be paying any income tax . follows ed miliband s pledge to raise the minimum wage to 8 .
unai emery s sevilla take on barcelona in la liga on saturday . sevilla beat levante 2 1 on monday and are fifth in the la liga table . after five straight wins , sevilla on course for a place in the europa league .
a couple named burger and king ? . internet has a meltdown over vampire diaries departure .
john tuite , 22 , and carlos santolalla , 25 , share an instagram account that their old agencies pressured them to delete . the couple claims that the world of male modeling is n t as gay friendly as most people believe . the in demand duo also djs at hot new york city clubs and rubs shoulders with celebrities .
exotic mosquitoes were discovered at brisbane international airport . authorities have been forced to stepped up bio security measures . all planes coming from south east asia are now being fumigated . exotic mosquitoes were detected in february this year at brisbane , adelaide and perth airports . barnaby joyce said there have been no more detected after biosecurity was amped up .
man united will pay their staff at least 7 . 85 an hour from july . premier league clubs will pay their staff living wage from next season . chelsea became the first professional club to enforce new ruling . manchester city are also committed to paying living wage .
pictures show women serving with armed forces around the world including in pakistan , jordan and north korea . they include images of pro russian rebels in donetsk , ukraine , and us soldiers serving in southern afghanistan . one shows north korean soldiers on patrol near the chinese border and another shows fighters in aleppo , syria .
director of television wants sci fi series to be turned into film . emails show creative team reluctant to rush for fear it could flop . messages were among 173 , 000 hacked by north korea .
the value of the drugs is estimated at more than 105 million . officers arrested one venezuelan and two spanish citizens on board the vessel .
a 66 year old man has been accused of burning an australian flag . it was reportedly set it alight at the shine of remembrance in anzac square . he has been charged with public nuisance and breach of the peace . this comes only a day before thousands are set to gather to commemorate anzac day s centenary at the brisbane landmark .
two men were caught on a familiar route leading into the middle east . the pair are believed to be still detained in turkey for foreseeable future . officials could not confirm if and when they would be returned to australia . it comes day after australia and turkey sign anti terrorism treaty . the new deal will also cover criminal activity such as drug trafficking .
ukraine premier league outfit fc chernomorets are struggling financially . club could face relegation and uefa disqualification due to mounting debt . fc chernomorets have been forced to sell their best players as a result too .
john terry racially abused anton ferdinand at the ground in october 2011 . terry is always the subject of crowds anger when he returns to qpr . however , he performed well as chelsea snatched late winner .
two mesquite , texas police officers pulled hector valles , 25 , from his burning suv early sunday after he swerved off the highway and crashed . officers ryan nielson and autumn soto managed to get valles to safety just before his vehicle became fully engulfed . valles , whose clothes were burning when the officers dragged him to safety , is now recovering from burns and internal injuries in icu .
hit head on chair when he fell at previous bail hearing in los angeles . knight , a diabetic with blood clot , said he had n t received any medication . lawyer said chains and wheelchair were a ploy to humiliate his client . cle bone sloan was hurt and terry carter died in the alleged hit and run . knight , 49 , charged with murder and attempted murder for january incident .
joe calzage was holidaying in barbados with his girlfriend lucy . the couple swam in the sea and enjoyed a spot of jet skiing . calzaghe has been retired for seven years with a record of 46 0 .
manchester city reached fa youth cup final with win over leicester city . substitute isaac buckley scored to cancel out layton ndukwu opener . brandon barker added a second in stoppage time to win the game . chelsea are their opponents in the final , having beaten tottenham 5 4 . two leg final takes place on april 20 and 27 with city at home first .
ronnie carroll placed fourth in the eurovision contest in 1962 and 1963 . he died in london two days ago , aged 80 , following a battle with cancer . mr carroll was running in the general election for hampstead and kilburn . he remains on the paper and he will be elected if he gets enough votes .
vincent kompany says beating manchester united can rectify the season . manchester city were beaten 2 1 away to in form crystal palace . kompany reckons that being underdogs suits his side at old trafford . read sportsmail identifies five problems that need sorting at the etihad . click here for all the latest manchester city news .
thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the midwest and the plains . tornadoes could strike thursday night and friday .
roma win at home for the first time since november . miralem pjanic completes a counter attack to put hosts ahead . morgan de sanctis produces stunning goalkeeping display . napoli without a win for five matches after terrible run .
daniel williams video shows a every aspect of a day in the life of an office worker . the 90 second clip has been viewed three million times on youtube . gopros are often used by adrenaline junkies to capture once in a lifetime experiences .
between 2004 and 2013 , number of passenger vehicle drivers aged 16 to 19 involved in u . s . fatal crashes decreased from 5 , 724 to 2 , 568 , per 100 , 000 . new safety features in cars and graduate licenses are among the reasons for the drop in fatalities . graduated licenses decrease crash rate in teen drivers by 20 to 40 per cent . three quarters of high school students aged 16 or older are on the road .
frankie gavin is set to take on kell brook at the 02 on may 30 . eddie hearn says brook is up for the ibf welterweight world title fight . talks have been held between the parties , but decision yet to be reached . sportsmail understands an announcement could be made on friday .
elche striker jonathas scored only goal of the game to beat real sociedad . david moyes side remain in 12th place in the la liga table . barcelona are top of the league , two points ahead of real madrid .
neil robertson has committed more hours to practice than ever before . australian stormed into second round of betfred world championship . robertson hopes new regime will lift him among the game s all time greats . he hopes to become a multiple winner of the sport s major crowns .
pictures show the late lamented actor laughing and joking while on set . peter o toole continued filming despite suffering from a long term illness . director michael redwood paid tribute to actor s unique sense of humour . fall of an empire the story of katherine of alexandria hits cinemas today .
bradley wiggins finished 18th in the paris roubaix . wiggins is set to leave team sky to ride in his own squad called wiggins . race almost had dramatic incident when riders narrowly missed a train .
jenson button denied 100th race start for mclaren after ers failure . button then spent much of the bahrain grand prix on twitter delivering his verdict on the action as it unfolded . lewis hamilton has out qualified and finished ahead of mercedes team mate nico rosberg at every race this season . bernie ecclestone confirms f1 will make its bow in azerbaijan next season .
south florida man david etzel , 36 , allegedly lashed out after the 10 pound lapdog bit him after he d been drinking . veterinarians who called police said the injuries were comparable to those they seen in pets hit by cars . pet owner michele etzel says she never intends to speak to her 6 foot 8 son again .
terrifying footage was filmed from 91st floor of a shanghai skyscraper . repeated heavy bangs can be heard and cracked two panes of glass . cleaners trapped in the platform suffered minor injuries in the incident .
eugenie bouchard crashed out of miami open to tatjana maria . she urged herself to relax after losing to lesia tsurenko at indian wells . canadian posed with sports illustrated model hannah davis and olympic medalist kerri walsh jennings .
pupils used instagram to share tiffany jackson s police mugshot . authorities at highland oaks middle school then suspended three pupils . they said sharing image was an inappropriate use of electronic media . but angry parent of suspended pupil said mugshot was already public .
case begins when police find video of what appears to be a gang rape . 2 students from troy university in alabama are charged in the case .
dante de blasio , 17 , to make his decision by the end of the month . his father has said that despite his six figure salary the family will struggle to meet cost to send son to ivy league school .
more than 1 , 000 properties are listed in cuba on the home rental website . forty per cent of the listings are located in the capital of havana . airbnb has been signing up cuban property owners for three months . for the time being non us travellers will not be able to book with airbnb .
etienne capoue and nabil bentaleb win crossbar challenge on thursday . the game ended a morning of fun for fans during an open training session . tottenham host aston villa on saturday at white hart lane .
ivan balashov took selfie in phone shop in novokuznetsk , southern russia . but he decided it was not good enough and walked out with another model . police caught the 22 year old after finding his picture on the first handset .
henri morris , 67 , was the president of edible software solutions . jailed for 10 years for calculated and choreographed abuse . caught in an fbi sting after one of his victims approached investigators .
amanda curtis , ceo of a fashion company in new york , posted a picture of four rainbows to twitter . i had a small moment of awe , she said .
university of nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you . limited periods of stress are good , as they release cortisol . this is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations . but too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile .
kevin pietersen has re signed for surrey in attempt to earn england recall . he revealed on twitter he will return to batting for surrey on monday . england coach peter moores said pietersen is n t on the radar to play .
two women permitted into cockpit of ryanair flight to berlin , germany . ryanair state the women were off duty staff , and have investigated . but in light of germanwings disaster where 150 people were killed , actions brought concern to passengers on board .
manuela arbelaez handed the price is right contestant andrea a 21 , 960 hyundai sonata se for free on thursday s show . the absentminded model revealed the correct price of the car too early . host drew carey was left with little opinion but to tell the contestant , congratulations ! .
the youngster s mother left the wheelchair in the lobby of their building on merrimac drive in maryland as usual on sunday evening since it s easier to carry her son to their second floor apartment . but when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning , it had reportedly disappeared . prince george s county police have released a piece of surveillance footage which shows a person pushing the empty chair in a parking lot .
tim swiel spent four months on loan at harlequins earlier this season . the 23 year old featured in the european champions cup and lv cup . the fly half will return to the club on a full time contract next season .
surveillance cameras caught the thief taking 9 , 000 out of the account of kate sullivan at banks in long island , new york on september 23 , 2014 . sullivan was informed of the fraud while fighting for her life at memorial sloan kettering cancer center in new york . . the 50 year old had worked as a marketing executive for fashion designers kimora lee simmons and diane von furstenberg .
unbeaten championship leaders leigh beat super league side salford . centurions twice come from behind to beat red devils in challenge cup .
carlos tevez has told juventus he wants to go back to argentina . tevez has been a key player for juve , but has always wanted to return . juventus understood to accept the striker s decision .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao came close to a fight in 2010 . the pair will finally meet in at the mgm grand in las vegas on may 2 . trainer freddie roach believes mayweather is slower than he used to be . pacquiao will attack mayweather and knock him out , according to roach . watch here mayweather vs pacquiao official advert released . amir khan mayweather and pacquiao have n t even heard of kell brook . click here for the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
mehmet oz is on staff at columbia s college of physicians and surgeons . dr oz is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at the medical school . group of ten top doctors sent letter to school urging for oz s dismissal . said there s no scientific proof his miracle weight loss supplements work . columbia said it is committed to the principle of academic freedom . university has not removed tv celebrity doctor from his faculty position .
s300 barely takes off before plunging back to the ground . minute long clip shows people dashing for cover as rocket hits ground . mishap comes shortly after footage of crash killing missile engineers .
carlton cole and nathaniel clyne attend fundraising reception . shaun wright phillips and matt phillips also in attendance on sunday . the event was held in knightsbridge in london s west end . event was a reception for football fighting ebola charity .
newcastle entertain swansea in the premier league on saturday . newcastle s 3 1 defeat vs tottenham was their sixth straight loss in league . magpies sit seven points clear of the relegation zone with five games left .
man , 50 , allegedly rammed into home north west of brisbane on monday night . police say driver climbed out of vehicle and stabbed a man to death . five people were inside including a woman believed to be man s ex partner . driver was charged with murder and string of other charges .
sister gertrud tiefenbacher had been bound with a typewriter cord . her body was discovered by other nuns at her mission in durban . police say octogenarian had been robbed of a small amount of cash .
xabi alonso won uefa champions league with liverpool and real madrid . he scored the vital equaliser for the reds in his first season at the club . the spaniard was in real madrid s triumphant side last season . he lines up for bayern munich , who face porto in the quarter final . clarence seedorf won with ajax , real madrid and twice with ac milan .
aston villa s gabriel agbonlahor throws a flurry of punches in training . attacker is closing in on return to fitness following hamstring injury . agbonlahor missed aston villa s semi final victory against liverpool . the 28 year old will be hoping to return against manchester city .
in terminal 3 , cushioned running paths direct passengers to their gates . the money saving trick cuts down on the cost of walkways and signage . catering to low cost carriers , the new terminal first opened on april 8 .
video has emerged showing the moment 2 french tourists torch a quokka . footage sees men laugh after igniting the creature with aerosol and lighter . the marsupial survived by scampering away , but was singed by the flame . both men received 4000 fines and had their passports confiscated . they were on a working holiday , spending three months in rottnest island .
a blast rocks a chemical plant in china s southeastern fujian province for the second time in two years . six were injured after the explosion and are being hospitalized . the explosion was triggered by an oil leak , though local media has not reported any toxic chemical spills .
nicholas dematteis , 39 , flew into a rage while at restaurant bocca east during brunch on saturday afternoon . he demanded free meal around 4pm because of slow service , police said . witnesses said he spewed homophobic slur at a manager before grabbing him by the neck and slamming him into bar and hurling him into woman . he has been arrested and charged with assault following the incident .
juventus beat second placed lazio 2 0 to step closer to the scudetto . carlos tevez netted the first and celebrated by dancing like a chicken . barcelona beat valencia with goals from luis suarez and lionel messi .
a victim of bega cheese boss maurice van ryan read her impact statement . she told sydney district court on monday she felt scared and ashamed . i did n t know it was against the law , the victim said .
bubba watson sits four shots off huang wen yi s lead in china . defending champion was off the pace at the shenzhen international . watson will be looking to put masters disappointment behind him . the american finished 38th at augusta national .
jordan meikle stretches his muscles by barriers near canary wharf . he lunges onto his knee and presents a ring from behind his back . girlfriend kayleigh harris appears speechless by the sudden gesture . after sealing the deal the 23 year old carries on with the marathon . video was uploaded to facebook and has been viewed 25 , 000 times .
three tops with the error on the left sleeve sent to hampshire constabulary . chairman of hampshire police burst out laughing when he saw the mistake . two officers will continue to proudly wear the t shirts despite the mistake . they will only wear the tops internally and not when they are out patroling .
aston villa face fellow relegation fighters qpr at villa park on tuesday . villa manager tim sherwood says his players must dig deep to win . sherwood labelled his stars icing on the cake players on monday .
government jet carrying president tomislav nikolic went into a dive . incident , which occurred last friday , initially blamed on engine failure . serbia s civil aviation directorate found cause was actually a coffee spill .
left back posted screenshot of text message conversation on instagram . in it , his mum thanks 22 year old for wiping all my debt away . the ipswich defender drew praise from his followers for generosity . mings gave tickets to a skint ipswich supporter back in 2013 . and he bought shirts for two fans in 2014 after his number was changed .
real madrid playmaker james rodriguez fractured his foot in february . carlo ancelotti has revealed rodriguez will start against granada . real madrid are currently four points behind league leaders barcelona .
hospital admissions for allergies rose by 8 per cent between 2013 and 2014 . around 21million britons have some kind of allergy , such as hayfever . but more than two thirds would not know what to do if they saw someone having an allergic reaction .
customers sought to claim after french strikes affected flights this month . insurers asked passengers for airline letter that confirmed cancellation . but easyjet told those affected to pay 10 administration fee for the proof .
novak djokovic lost his cool during sunday s final showdown in miami . djokovic started shouting at his backroom team after andy murray won set . the serbian tennis champ asked the youngster for his forgiveness . he said he got emotional because andy was playing well .
klopp will leave borussia dortmund in the summer after seven years . his departure could means the break up of his talented squad . defender mats hummels has been weighing up a move to man united . midfielder ilkay gundogan has been linked with premier league clubs . ciro immobile could return to italy following poor goal return . neven subotic has hinted his is keen on a move to england .
ryan heritage , 18 , charged with theft , burglary and failing to appear in court . check if there s a warrant for my arrest , if so good luck , he posted online . he possessed cannabis when police caught him in trowbridge , wiltshire . local police then re posted his facebook message with his luck ran out .
manchester city play manchester united at old trafford on sunday . sergio aguero says scoring in the derby is enough to give you shivers . the argentine has scored six goals against man united since joining city . aguero described man utd striker radamel falcao as one of the most naturally gifted players in world football . aguero is refusing to give up hope of retaining the premier league .
ed miliband will allow scotland to set a more generous benefits system . the move is a desperate attempt to reverse the exodus of voters to snp . he will unveil the proposals in his manifesto , due to be published tomorrow .
amir khan is currently training for next month s fight with chris algieri . the brit took a break from the speed ball to show off his party trick . khan kept bottle in the air by punching it before delivering knock out blow .
jeff williams will join up with bath at the end of the current season . the sevens star signed a full time deal with the aviva premiership club . williams scored 36 tries on the world circuit and helped win in toyko .
sterling s talks with liverpool over new deal have ended in stalemate . england star , 20 , insists he is not a money grabber after turning down 100 , 000 a week contract offer tabled by liverpool . pfa boss taylor says resuming talks in the summer is a wise move . the rise of raheem sterling from 60 a day at qpr to knocking back 100 , 000 per week contracts at liverpool . liverpool fc press conference as raheem sterling hints at possible exit , find out what brendan rodgers has to say . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
jack grealish was excellent in fa cup semi final victory . tim sherwood praises his young star , who outshone liverpool midfield . grealish was wearing children s shin pads during the wembley fixture .
daley blind received painting of himself and his father as birthday present . the 25 year old called danny blind his inspiration in instagram post . blind has been a key player for manchester united this campaign . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
byron meth opened with a 74 on his masters debut . half of the players had a scoring average of 4 . 2 or higher on day one . liverpool legend kenny dalglish will be present at the masters this week .
peterson has been banned since september 17 after child abuse case involving his four year old son and a switch . he played just one game for the vikings last year and was due to be reinstated on april 15 . but the nfl have moved that date forward and the 2012 running back will know more about his future . the vikings have repeatedly said they want to keep the 30 year old , who is due to earn 12 . 75 m this year . but the cowboys and the cardinals have been linked with peterson , and the former have made some intriguing roster moves to free up cap space .
a recent surge in jellyfish numbers has been recorded off the coast of the uk as the weather has warmed up . stay in cornwall has been moved to reassure swimmers that going in the water is safe , even with some jellyfish . nhs approved method of treating jellyfish stings is now shaving cream , not urine or vinegar as previously though .
lionel messi posted a picture of his son and wife on instagram . message read waiting for you baby . . messi s first son thiago was born in november 2012 .
the fiona stanley hospital in southwest perth was stripped of its medical service provider serco in february . the company was fined 60 , 000 and was subject to department of health workers auditing its staff . it comes after a string of controversial incidents in the hospital , including the death of a patient last month .
chelsea star diego costa looks set to miss his side s next two games . costa was forced off through injury shortly after coming on at the interval . jose mourinho has revealed costa is likely to be out for a couple of weeks . chelsea face qpr and manchester united in next two league matches . click here to read sami mokbel s match report from stamford bridge .
motiongate dubai will open in october , 2016 with themed zones . guests can enjoy rides and gift shops based on the billion dollar franchise . there will also be live performances based on step up movies . the dubai theme park will be four million square foot in size .
prosecutor said michael and rosalia juskin had domestic issues . a relative , who was not inside the home during the apparent murder suicide , discovered the bodies and called police . one relative claimed michael juskin was suffering from dementia and another said he was not well .
trial of journalists paying public officials collapsed at old bailey on friday . raises questions over judgement of keir starmer , who led the investigation . he pushed use of unheard 13th century law misconduct in public office . operation elveden , which has now cost taxpayer 20million , left in ruins .
smartphones are the most common web devices , at 1 . 7 per home . laptops and tablets are just behind , a yougov poll has found . meanwhile , digital advertising has hit a record high of 7 . 2 billion .
novitzky kick started the balco investigation and is well known for his work with steroid and ped use in sport . the case involved the investigations into barry bonds , marion jones and justin gatlin . the federal agent also probed lance armstrong s tour de france teams and helped unmask the shamed former cyclist . ufc is keen to banish the sport of peds after high profile failed tests from the likes of anderson silva , nick diaz and hector lombard . there is no bigger advocate of clean professional sports than jeff novitzky , the ufc s lawrence epstein said .
lewis moody , danny grewcock and josh lewsey said they felt a jolt . plane was dropping them off at the start of the 60 mile trek to the pole . rugby stars are now back from expedition that raised money for charity .
the woman , named dawn , was appearing on itv s the jeremy kyle show . accused her close friend and house mate jamie of stealing 207 . the money had been set aside for a grave stone for baby daniel james . a sobbing dawn revealed that the baby was the seventh she has lost . the jeremy kyle show , weekdays at 9 . 25 am on itv .
images of cricket both on the pitch and in a rubbish dump in dhaka , bangladesh , among short listed pictures . winner of wisden mcc cricket photograph of the year was matthew lewis shot of dwayne bravo taking a catch .
ronnie o sullivan , a five time champion , draws craig steadman . the 32 year old steadman is playing in world championship for first time . defending champions mark selby will face norway s kurt maflin .
jeremy clarkson last night launched into a bizarre rant about being sacked . he claimed the upside was that he could now swear without punishment . clarkson also mistook a male bidder for a female during charity gig . he later joked to the cotswolds crowd that he was trawling the job centre .
some apparently healthy meals worse for you than demonised junk foods . asda s piri piri chicken pasta salad contains a surprising 46 . 5 g of fat . this exceeds the 43 . 3 g found in a burger king bacon and cheese whopper . caff nero has more fat than mcdonald s quarter pounder with cheese .
the men are current or former florida prison guards . they are charged with one count of conspiracy to commit murder .
arsenal face aston villa in the fa cup final at wembley on may 30 . tim sherwood s side won the toss to decide which kit they ll wear . villa chose their claret and blue home strip for the fa cup showdown . arsenal will play in their yellow and blue away kit . the gunners have won three of the five finals played in the kit .
coast guard says about 50 people were rescued from mobile bay . more than 100 sailboats took part in the dauphin island race , an annual event .
the worker was caught on camera by a member of the public . field owner th clements son was alerted and the man was sacked . passer by who used mobile phone to snap photo branded act disgusting . tesco vegetables undergo extensive assessment before hitting shelves .
twiggy has unveiled her colourful summer range for high street giant . shows off her timeless looks and sense of style in shoot . admits that she would n t rule out cosmetic surgery .
cheesy slogans could be detrimental to pupils , a researcher claimed . carl hendrick said glossy notices are often reductively misinterpreted .
charles collins , 28 , saved elderly alfred mcnamee after he fell onto tracks . leaped onto rails at subway stop in philadelphia and helped him escape . identity was revealed this week after wednesday rescue . collins visited mcnamee , who has several broke bones , in hospital .
several arabic pages reportedly found on the social media site . pages claim to offer comfortable and reliable passage for around 1 , 000 . comes after the deaths of some 1 , 700 refugees in the last week alone . facebook removed the pages after being alerted to there existance .
the clip was taken in warrilla in nsw at about 1am on wednesday morning . the 15 year old girl is flung into the air and appears to land on her head . amazingly , she escaped serious injury and was released from hospital . police have spoken with the driver and are continuing their investigations .
arsenal beat burnley 1 0 in the epl . a goal from aaron ramsey secured all three points . win cuts chelsea s epl lead to four points .
derry mathews was due to face richar abril on april 18 in liverpool . abril was due to face mathews on april 18 in liverpool . it was set to be the cuban s second defence of his wba lightweight belt . click here for all the latest news from the world of boxing .
relatives of wayne community college shooting victim say he was gay , local media report . the suspect had worked for the victim but was let go , college president says . the suspect , kenneth morgan stancil iii , was found sleeping on a florida beach and arrested .
kentucky player mutters n word under his breath about a wisconsin player at postgame news conference . andrew harrison , who is black , tweets that he apologized to frank kaminsky , who is white . kaminsky says he s talked it over with harrison i m over it .
saracens scored through billy vunipola , marcelo bosch and chris wyles . charlie hodgson added seven points from the boot . leicester replied with two freddie burns penalties .
ex manchester city manager sven goran eriksson criticises former club . eriksson says city should have won the premier league with their squad . yaya toure wears snood in training during hottest week of the year so far .
liam plunkett and mark wood both impressed in the nets on sunday . moeen ali is also appearing to bowl without discomfort after joining squad . england were missing an x factor as the first test fizzled out in a draw . and selectors must decide whether to freshen things up for second match .
scottish championship winners hearts are set to lose danny wilson . former liverpool defender has activated release clause in his contract . celtic have been linked with a move for the former rangers player .
amanda richards , from new york says she does n t campaigns which widen the gap between fat and thin . she says plus size store lane bryant s new ads celebrating women do n t actually show varying shapes , but rather correctly proportioned plus size women . to show solidarity with other plus size women , she posted photos of herself in lane bryant lingerie online .
barcelona take on psg in the champions league quarter final . the first leg of the tie will be played at the parc des princes on wednesday . the two sides were drawn together in the group stage earlier this season . barca defender adriano has warned this time will be more intense . he has singled out lucas moura as a particular threat for psg .
national front founder jean marie le pen pulls out of regional elections . criticized by daughter marine over comments about the holocaust . le pen snr wants grand daughter marion marechal le pen to replace him .
xie shisheng was just 16 when he was imprisoned in a chinese cotton mill . he s been rescued after 18 years and says he was beaten daily and tortured . xie s captors fled the scene when police arrived at the mill on wednesday .
fly initially looks satisfied as it tastes the frozen food . before realising it is stuck and beating its legs in panic . it then attempts to free itself by heaving backwards . the filmmaker eventually helps it out with a heat gun . the footage was captured in auckland , new zealand .
hilary border , 54 , pleaded guilty to fraud and has been spared jail . she stole 20 , 000 from dementia stricken mother and spent it on herself . mother of three refused to pay 16 , 000 in care home bills for dorothy , 83 . she has been spared jail and ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work .
the pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on tuesday afternoon and taken to the humane society for immediate treatment . in a bid to save their lives , vets decided to put the young dogs with a surrogate cat . the pairing proved to be an instant success . as kit the tabby had recently nursed her own kittens , she was able to feed the puppies with her own milk .
before he was slammed into by a police car , mario valencia fired a rifle with a loosened lock . he shoplifted the gun and ammo from a walmart , where a saleswoman who showed him the weapon alerted security . walmart says the lock was properly installed but police say it was loose when it was found .
isis fighters ambushed an iraqi army convoy of humvees north of fallujah . a suicide bomber attacked vehicles before militants opened fire yesterday . commander of iraqi first division , colonel and two lieutenant colonels killed .
operation xeres will focus on abuse claims at skegby hall children s home . inquiry will have a team of 20 looking into the historical abuse claims . more than 20 claims have been made relating to abuse in care homes .
tom o carroll went to rally in houses of parliament on february 25 . 69 year old former key activist jailed in 1981 for corrupting public morals . pie was formed in 1974 to campaign for sex with children to be legalised . his attendance at the meeting is likely to be an embarrassment for group .
divock origi signed for liverpool last year but went back to lille on loan . he will join up with liverpool properly after the end of the season . origi is impressed with the progress of jordon ibe and raheem sterling . sterling insists contract criticism goes in one ear and out the other . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
a four month old baby girl is in hospital with life threatening injuries . a 20 year old man s car crashed into the bedroom of her geelong house . police say a car crashed through a fence and into the breakwater house after its driver apparently failed to negotiate a roundabout .
darren bent said he ll wait until the season s end to decide on his future . villa striker becomes a free agent at the end of this campaign with derby . bent s been on loan with brighton , fulham and derby most recently . he was out of favour with paul lambert but could return for tim sherwood . click here for all the latest aston villa news .
jeralean talley was born on may 23 , 1899 . she credits her longevity to her faith . inherited the title of world s oldest person following the death of arkansas woman gertrude weaver , 116 , on monday . friends said talley remains very sharp and goes on a yearly fishing trip .
loeb says he filed a complaint against the actress to prevent her from destroying their two embryos . the couple created the embryos while they were engaged .
male contestants had not eaten for two weeks when they killed reptile . bosses though it was common caiman , but it was an american crocodile . species is listed as endangered and laws protect it from being hunted .
alex oxlade chamberlain has been out of action since march 9 . arsenal midfielder suffers from persistent groin problems . arsenal are exploring other treatments , but any surgery would be delayed . read arsenal bid to finalise transfer for next lionel messi maxi romero . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
jonathan crombie is best known for playing gilbert blythe in anne of green gables . book , movies about girl sent to live on canadian farm .
jamie carragher believes brendan rodgers is the right man for liverpool . rodgers under pressure after a third straight season without a trophy . liverpool are also on course to finish outside the top four this season . carragher received a beacon award for his community work on tuesday .
tottenham are sitting sixth in the premier league after a long season . that place would see them qualify for the europa league next year . but in the past it has been said to cause them more harm than good . christian eriksen says he wants to qualify as it helps attract top players . tottenham s europa league participation was a factor in the dane signing .
theo walcott s contract with arsenal expires at the end of next season . england winger has made just five starts for his club this campaign . ian wright says it would be a shame to see walcott leave arsenal . the gunners have been linked to signing liverpool s raheem sterling .
graffiti artists work through the night to repaint 30 telephone booths . latest in series of baymax themed stunts as character craze sweeps china . artists wanted to help burned out beijing residents feel less stressed .
hector bellerin claims 12 per cent of the vote to replace dani alves . barcelona fans would rather brazilian right back extended his contract . bellerin has impressed for arsenal in his breakthrough season at the club . 20 year old left barcelona for north london in 2011 as a teenager . read bellerin and francis coquelin are a delight for arsene wenger .
per mertesacker twisted his ankle in fa cup semi final at wembley . scans revealed the stand in arsenal captain escaped serious injury . arsenal beat reading 2 1 after extra time in saturday s match . they host premier league leaders chelsea on sunday at 4pm . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
juventus take on monaco in champions league quarter final on tuesday . juve coach massimiliano allegri warns it could be a boring game . monaco beat arsenal in the last 16 and are the outsiders in the tie .
khloe kardashian posted a photo to instagram during monday night s riots that said pray for baltimore . despite getting over 400 , 000 likes , the post drew criticism that she was insincere and unable to relate to the issues due to her privileged background . other critics felt she should focus her prayers elsewhere , such as the victims of the nepal earthquake . just 30 minutes later she tweeted that she was damned if i do . . the instagram post has since been deleted . protests about the unexplained death of freddie gray have now spread to six american cities .
tv presenter sophie falkiner reveals she was into girdles long before the kardashians made it cool . falkiner says it s a secret all hollywood plastic surgeons tell their patients . jessica alba is also said to swear by it for a trim post baby body .
victor agbafe , 17 , is currently attending cape fear academy in wilmington . he plans to double major in microbiology with government or economics . smart young man faces tough choice after being accepted into 14 colleges . he credits his mother , a nigerian immigrant and physician , for his success . will make decision this month and he hopes to become a neurosurgeon .
mother in law is often jokingly portrayed as least favourite family member . poll on modern families reveals this is a reality for almost a quarter of brits . they said their pet dog was more important to them than their in laws . research found households where children had multi parental figures was also on the rise .
wallaby has been filmed punching a wombat in a victorian national park . the wombat approached the unsuspecting wallaby and was met with a fist . both animals went back to grazing in the area straight after the encounter . no animals were harmed during the writing of this article .
milinda gunasekera was flying home from a holiday in chile . he was changing flights at auckland airport for the final leg of his trip . the 32 year old downed a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets before flight . qantas flight was taxiing to the runway when the alleged incident occurred . afterwards he suffered probably the worst hangover of his life in the cells . mr gunasekera will fly back to new zealand to be sentenced in june .
carmem dierks , 60 , was running the dodgy practice in west orange county , florida . during the raid on her practice , authorities discovered hundreds of patient files , two dentist chairs , an x ray machine and dental mold . officers found two patients in the middle of treatment who said dierks had been treating them for eight years .
kim sei young leads ana inspiration by three after a three under par 69 . the south korean says it would be the biggest dream to win . lydia ko struggled again , shooting a two over par 74 .
mesut ozil starred as germany beat georgia 2 0 in euro 2016 qualifier . playmaker returns to london ahead of arsenal s game against liverpool . ozil puts his feet up on sofa with his dog as he enjoys home comforts .
maksims uvarenko revealed he has not been paid for three months . the cska sofia goalkeeper asked his parents to send him rent money . the bulgarian club are struggling with financial problems .
baby sonit awal found in rubble of nepal earthquake , sunday morning . spent 22 hours buried under his home after 7 . 8 magnitude quake .
baron the german shepherd was filmed using the bathroom . in the footage shared on facebook , the dog raises the toilet seat , relieves himself and puts the seat down before flushing the toilet . the video has been viewed more than 16 , 400 , 000 times to date . five month old pup was professionally trained at hill country k9 school .
kirk pingelly and layne beachley have won their legal dispute . the couple were caught in a legal battle over redeveloping their home . neighbour wendy goyer said developments would destroy her views . she said the picturesque views were a major reason she bought the home . the court ruled her views werent iconic and were already at risk of being built out .
paul merson had questioned england selection of andros townsend . tottenham winger scored equaliser in tuesday s 1 1 draw with italy . merson admitted townsend had proved him wrong with great goal .
image is released by chinese traffic police to warn dangerous road stunts . van is strapped to the three wheel moped with two crisscrossed strings . man is likely to be on his way to a garage as minibus has a flat tyre . police said driver broke traffic regulations but they failed to track him down .
warning graphic content . davy mcgregor posted the gruesome ear injury on his twitter page . the heriot s racing club hooker had been playing against the barbarians .
the luxurious library hotel has more than 6 , 000 books scattered throughout its guest rooms and public spaces . each floor is dedicated to one of 10 of the dewey decimal system s categories , including history and technology . every one of the hotel s 60 rooms is decorated according to a genre or topic within the categories . on the fifth floor devoted to math and science guests stay in rooms themed after astronomy and dinosaurs .
european eagle owl caught on camera perched on birdwatcher s head . large bird has been terrorising dutch town of noordeinde for months . twitchers have flocked to the town hoping to catch sighting of bird .
the reporter announced early march he would take time off due to tumour . he made a brief return last night with his voice still recovering its strength . mr robinson s voice sounded weak and strained following his treatment . the bbc political editor said he hoped to be back full time fairly soon .
bbc commentator guy mowbray s notes were revealed on twitter . mowbray commentated on liverpool s match against newcastle at anfield . he correctly predicted 19 of the 22 players who took to the field .
barcelona president josep bartomeu says the club are happy with enrique . barca are currently top of la liga and closing in on the league title . enrique s future at the club has been speculated over the season . click here for all the latest barcelona news .
marc andre ter stegen is eager to impress barcelona boss luis enrique . ter stegen is yet to make his la liga debut for the catalan giants . german goalkeeper has been reduced to champions league appearances . barcelona face psg in champions league quarter final tie on wednesday . psg barca clash to be refereed by mark clattenburg and english officials .
floyd mayweather rang his car dealer to order a bugatti at 3am . the boxer told obi okele to have the car in his driveway just 12 hours later . the car was 1 . 5 million valued motor was delivered in just 11 hours . mayweather is training hard for his mega fight with manny pacquiao .
motorised surfboards weigh just 15kg and travel at speeds of up to 33mph . capable of thrusting riders into the air off waves and the wake from boats . contraption , made in czech republic , is powered by a two stroke engine .
ash handley has now scored six tries in six appearances for leeds . the rhinos are now six points clear at the top of super league . leeds have lost just once in their opening 11 matches .
stefan johansen picked up two prizes at celtic s award dinner . the midfielder has enjoyed a stunning first season at parkhead . celtic moved eight points clear of the spl with a 3 0 win over dundee . click here for all the latest celtic news .
mark wahlberg is planning to appear in patriots day . the film will be about events surrounding the 2013 boston marathon bombing . another film , boston strong , is also in the works .
neil macgregor to leave job he has held since 2002 at the end of the year . sixty eight year old said it was a difficult thing to finally decide to leave . previously ran the national gallery and has also worked as a broadcaster . history of the world in 100 objects series inspired by museum collection .
annegret raunigk , 65 , from berlin , is pregnant with quadruplets . pregnant following artificial insemination using donated sperm and eggs . refused selective reduction abortion and will keep all four babies .
manchester united beat aston villa to secure an eight point cushion . louis van gaal s side currently sit third a point ahead of manchester city . rivals liverpool find themselves in fifth following their defeat to arsenal . but van gaal has warned his squad it is important to battle till the end .
chief executive michael o leary made the vow to a french newspaper . he attributed the cuts to lower oil prices and said savings will be passed on . the controversial boss said ryanair s average ticket price could drop by 4 . new boeing planes ordered by irish carrier will have more capacity . mr o leary also took aim at air france and predicted more troubles times . he disputed claims that ryanair staff face poor conditions and wages .
the mom saw her son on tv throwing rocks at police , cnn affiliate reports . police praise her actions .
number of deaths in britain will increase by 20 over the next 20 years . funeral firms are faced with bad debts and have increased their prices . a funeral with a cremation , minister and an undertaker now costs 3 , 590 . younger people may be straddled with funeral debts due to higher fees .
saudi officials say 500 houthi rebels killed , but signs of progress appear scant . civilian casualties continue to mount . u . n . security council favors houthi arms embargo .
india mayhew was on second day of a holiday when the tragedy happened . seven year old s horse bolted at a riding facility in matheran , near mumbai . suffered serious head injuries and was declared dead on arrival at hospital . the youngster had been riding just metres ahead of her father gavin , 43 .
atletico madrid and real played out a 0 0 draw in the champions league . mario mandzukic was in wars following battles with real madrid defenders . raphael varane , daniel carvajal and sergio ramos tussled with striker . croatia international has denied claims carvajal bit him during game .
the australian government will make a multi million dollar telemovie . it has been commissioned by the customs and border security agency . the drama is set to be shown in syria , iraq and afghanistan . it will be produced by sydney based company put it out there pictures . abc program lateline reports the story line will be of the australian navy and asylum seekers drowning at sea . the drama will reportedly be shown later in the year , urging asylum seekers not to trust people smugglers .
mary day , 60 , claimed over 16 , 500 in benefits despite not being eligible . she had 27 , 000 savings in the bank which meant she was not entitled . day used taxpayers money to go on luxury holidays to indian resort of goa . pleaded guilty to dishonestly claiming benefits and has paid back money .
kenedy has been linked with a number of top european clubs . chelsea are in pole position to sign the 19 year old forward this summer . his economic rights have been sold to the agent that represents chelsea s brazilian trio oscar , willian and ramires . read oscar was n t good enough , says mourinho after chelsea beat stoke . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
liverpool fans are being charged 50 for a ticket to hull city , compared to everton fans being charged 35 . fans group spirit of shankly want some of the money in the game to be passed back to the fans . brendan rodgers said he respect the supporters right to protest . read liverpool ramp up memphis depay chase . read rodgers vows to do what is best for daniel sturridge .
bank of england governor set to run london marathon later this month . spotted tooled up in hyde park with 35 nathan speed 4 fuel belt . device , carring water and energy sachets , resembles batman s utility belt .
jared forsyth , 33 , joined ocala police department in 2012 . he was shot in the chest by a colleague during firearms training monday . forsyth was rushed to hospital but died after undergoing surgery . incident at lowell correctional institution under investigation . officials say he was wearing a vest , but the round entered his arm .
barcelona beat psg 2 0 on tuesday to reach champions league semi final . xavi came on at half time to make his 148th appearance in the competition . it is more than any other player but iker casillas can equal it on wednesday . xavi also broke the record for most knockout stage appearances with 53 .
michel vorm s tottenham chances have been few since swansea transfer . but vorm is set to cover for injured hugo lloris against burnley . manager mauricio pochettino has praised vorm s attitude and character .
a little owl was captured trying to join his siblings huddle by gently tugging on their wings in beaconsfield , bucks . photos taken by sales manager dean mason , 48 , from bournemouth , from a camouflaged shelter six metres away .
in a survey conducted by direct line , 2 , 025 adults in uk were questioned . nearly half 46 of people get anxiety from not being able to sleep . many of the worries come from work related situations .
official girl , 15 , expressed an interest in joining a terrorist group called isis . authorities detain girl at cape town airport , release her into family s care , he says .
malia obama is already visiting schools and will attend college in fall 2016 . 11th grader , 16 , goes to private sidwell friends school in washington , d . c . . she has already visited schools like harvard , stanford , columbia and yale . president obama said he s sad and he tears up in the middle of the day . malia s younger sister sasha , 13 , has more time until she considers college .
ben stokes was denied a wicket after bowling a no ball . the durham all rounder thought he had dismissed jermaine blackwood . replays showed that stokes had overstepped the crease .
tryster won the coral easter classic at all weather finals in lingfield . jockey william buick predicted bright future for the winter derby winner . godolphin stable dominated the event with three winners in feature races .
christopher lawler claims he was pinned to a chair and groped by staff . he left job at clarence house the same day as alleged incident in 1978 . mr lawler , now 68 , claims he reported his account but was twice ignored . the palace is now cooperating with police to investigate historic claims .
the iron throne was forged from 200 swords melted by dragon breath . california s loo version was built by prop makers using plywood . it was presented to game of thrones superfan john giovanazzi . the incredible loo was then installed in his bar in glendale , california .
chelsea beat manchester united 1 0 at stamford bridge on saturday . eden hazard scored winning goal in the first half as chelsea head for title . ander herrera was booked for diving after coming together with gary cahill . jose mourinho said there would be outrage if it had been a chelsea player . but that it would be forgotten tomorrow because it was a united one .
david moyes gave wayne rooney his professional debut at everton . moyes was appointed manchester united s new manager in 2013 . rooney was heavily linked with a move to chelsea at the same time .
wabc reporter lisa colagrossi died march 19 while covering a story in new york city . at her funeral on march 23 , her mother lois reportedly blamed her death on station news director camille edwards .
joel ward joined crystal palace from boyhood club portsmouth in 2012 . he made his 100th appearance for the club against man city last week . ward admits he is delighted to have signed a new contract with palace . the 25 year old has committed his future , signing a three and a half year deal taking him through until summer 2018 .
video was captured at the ngorongoro conservation area in tanzania . israeli tourist filmed a group of baboons approaching a supply truck . as one distracts the driver by lunging at it another jumps into vehicle . before long it re emerges with its hands and mouth full of snacks . the group of thieves reconvene and run off into the bushes together .
barbie is the 96th image to come up when the term ceo is searched . most of the images depict suit clad men . new study found that results like these perpetuate gender bias .
david axelrod masterminded two obama presidential election victories . he was hired by labour leader ed miliband amid great fanfare last year . revealed at a book launch that he is not resident for tax purposes in uk . labour confirms it pays mr axelrod in dollars through consultancy firm .
tesco operated multimillion pound a fleet of five aircraft for its bosses . four of the private jets have been sold after they were put up for sale . sale comes after grocer embroiled in 263million fraud investigation . over a seven year period firm spent 29million flying executives across the world .
reading lost 2 1 against arsenal in fa cup semi final at wembley . royals took much fancied gunners to extra time after 1 1 draw . steve clarke will take strength from impressive reading display .
jade walters , 21 , loaned her horse magic to help a young girl learn to ride . but she was horrified to discover the family looking after him sold him . she claims it was two months before she found out he was sold for 200 . notoriously risky horse auctions often see animals being sold for slaughter .
five staff members sustained injuries after breaking into the super slide . the easter show ride was closed earlier that night due to safety concerns . officials say the slide runs way too fast in the wet weather . one woman broke a leg while a second woman broke both her legs . a 60 year old man suffered broken ribs and internal bleeding . the slide reopened once rain stopped and a safety check was completed .
the crew were training for the boat race which takes place on april 11 . the sunken eight was recovered and returned to oxford s base . the choppy conditions were caused by strong wind against the tide creating three successive waves that poured over the boat s riggers .
kirkland died saturday from complications stemming from kidney failure . he and cousin carl kirkland founded kirkland s home decor stores in 1966 . they expanded stores into chain with more than 300 locations in 35 states . he donated money to found the discovery park of america education center and tourist attraction in tennessee and it is still expanding today . memorial service will be held on wednesday at park , which will be closed .
the new rangers board have held their first meeting with mike ashley . sports direct and newcastle united owner ashley has 8 . 92 per cent stake in the club as well as control over a number of its assets . ashley has the right to appoint two directors at rangers .
angela linton , 47 , was banned from school after row about a pupil outing . she used her son s pass book to abuse gay teacher thomas o brien . mother has been sentenced to community order and fined 185 .
raheem sterling has not signed new liverpool contract . sterling gave an interview last week suggesting he might want to leave . but brendan rodgers insists the forward has never expressed desire to go .
passengers forced to get out and push after 12 tonne bus broke down . double decker was stranded in dover town centre during incident . driver asked passengers and residents to help get his vehicle to depot .
a rod returned to the new york yankees line up for the opening day . alex rodriguez came back from a 162 game suspension for the yankees . he received a warm welcome on his comeback , with fans even holding up signs that read forgive in the crowd .
22 year old cao yu was on patrol when she confronted the man . robber wounded her five times as she awaited reinforcements . colleagues say they found her bleeding all over when they arrived . the policewoman has been praised on chinese social media for her incredible bravery .
patrick de koster will go around the world to talk about kevin de bruyne . the wolfsburg midfielder is wanted by manchester city and bayern munich . de koster has admitted having talks with city chiefs this season . but he has not spoken to manchester united about a move for his client . de bruyne remains happy at wolfsburg and could yet remain at the club .
a wolf spider races across a kitchen floor in hallett cove , south australia . unluckily for it it s spotted by a man who smashes it with a broom . following a few whacks hundreds of babies burst out of the female spider . after hatching , spider babies crawl onto the mother s back and stay there . as most of the the spiders are now dead the man sweeps them all up .
just a third of consumers have heard of campylobacter germs on chicken . millions are still ignorant of dangers of eating chicken despite campaigns . most britons rightly identify chicken as the main source of food poisoning .
stoke city have lost all eight trips to chelsea since premier league return . mark hughes insists that their fruitless stamford bridge visits must end . chelsea unbeaten in 14 premier league home games this season 11 wins .
the ocean going tug mv hamal was intercepted by hms somerset and border force vessel about 100 miles east of the aberdeenshire coast . value of the cocaine is likely to be worth hundreds of millions of pounds . crew of the hamal , nine men aged between 26 and 63 , were detained .
luke munro , 19 , and dylon thompson , 21 , raided londis near blackpool . threatened owner and wife with gun while baby was in pram beside them . police said couple feared for their life during robbery in october last year . munro jailed for five years , thompson for three years and four months .
iplayer listeners say the vital last minutes have been left off radio dramas . shows such as dad s army and hancock s half hour fallen foul of problem . bbc blames system it uses to record programmes , but it s not a new issue .
jurgen klopp will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season . arsene wenger s contract at arsenal has two more years to run until 2017 . nigel winterburn believes the club should let wenger see out his deal .
holland beat spain 2 0 at the amsterdam arena on tuesday night . stefan de vrij and davy klaassen scored goals for holland . defeat recalls horror 5 1 defeat by holland at the world cup . vicente del bosque used game to give younger spain players a chance .
paulo dybala has attracted interest from a number of top european clubs . juventus favourites to sign striker after he says he wants to stay in italy . juventus have reportedly offered 23million to sign the chelsea target . click here to read all you need to know about dybala .
major bank warns against labour government propped up by the the snp . morgan stanley says anti austerity agenda would lead to bank rate hike . second bank says labour would be dragged to the left by the nationalists . report a blow to the party s attempt to show voters economic competence .
the trussell trust admits that the one million were not all unique users . it had previously claimed that it served a million hungry people in a year . labour party and trades union congress were quick to seize on the figure . trust has said the figure was based on the number of parcels handed out .
the rare albino dolphin lives at the taiji whale museum in southern japan . its thin skin means it changes colour when it s emotional like a human . the animal was captured during the annual dolphin hunt in taiji last year . activists filed a lawsuit against the museum for withholding information . but the museum claims the animal is kept physically and mentally healthy . researchers from the museum released a study on the animal in march .
clarence david moore was serving a sentence for larceny when in june 1972 he escaped from north carolina prison . moore called sheriff s office in frankfort , kentucky , monday admitting he was a fugitive . the 66 year old outlaw suffers from many ailments but has n t been able to seek medical treatment because he does n t have social security card or id .
ryan dearnley won the chance to be a mascot in the fa cup semi final . he was due to be one for reading before saying he wanted arsenal to win . fan outrage caused the fa to move his prize to an england game instead .
manchester united looking to tie up a deal for memphis depay . the dutchman has been in scintillating form for psv this season . depay met with united on wednesday but phillip cocu was unaware . cocu did , however , concede the premier league is great . click here for all you need to know about depay .
teana walsh , assistant prosecutor in wayne county , michigan , wrote facebook post . said she watched violent rioters in baltimore and found them disgusting . suggested that shooting them was the only solution then deleted post . her bosses were forced to issue statement defending her .
two women aged 49 and a 23 year old man removed from plane . incident caused further delays for ryanair flight to faro from bristol . airport security re affirm anti social behaviour will be dealt with harshly .
as reports carlo ancelotti will remain real madrid manager next season . ancelotti also expects iker casillas to be at the bernabeu next year . madrid host malaga tonight looking to close the gap on leaders barcelona .
the a e networks are remaking the blockbuster roots miniseries , to air in 2016 . the epic 1977 miniseries about an african american slave had 100 million viewers .
the young boy holds a tiny blue and yellow toy fishing rod . he crouches by the side of the water and reels in the catch . before plucking it from the lake and holding it to the camera . shot in thailand , the video appears to show a nile tilapia fish .
detroit tigers pitcher justin verlander snapped a selfie in front of an unsuspecting little boy wearing the player s shirt in line at a starbucks . verlander uploaded the photo to instagram saying the fan was pretty surprised when he turned around . the photo has gotten more than 16 , 000 likes and 600 comments .
jordan spieth wins 2015 us masters after finishing 18 under at augusta . spieth became the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the masters . justin rose and phil mickelson both 14 under finished joint second . read spieth has world at his feet after record breaking masters triumph . spieth winning the masters has been the most incredible week of my life .
jermain defoe was the first sunderland player to take part in the challenge . former tottenham and west ham striker scored an impressive 76 . defoe then performed keepy ups with a creme egg and scored nine .
bacary sagna left arsenal for manchester city on a free transfer last year . the defender insists he does not regret making the switch to the etihad . city are behind fa cup finalists arsenal and face a season without a prize .
study of 1 , 302 couples found working men do two hours of chores a day . but once they retired , men upped their housework hours to to 3 . 9 a day . women s chores went from 6 . 8 hours a day to 6 . 1 a day after retirement . the study , carried out in germany , .
the 19 year old is being tipped for huge things when he does turn pro . he finished 13 over par for the weekend but is determined to return . i d prepared well for this , but it shows my game is not good enough yet , he admitted . neil qualified for the masters by virtue of a win in the scottish boys championship in 2013 and then the british amateur championship .
cristiano ronaldo scored his 300th goal for real madrid in all competitions against rayo vallecano on april 8 . portuguese forward has achievements marked by special shirt presented to him by club president florentino perez . ronaldo and his real madrid team mates host malaga on saturday as they look to catch la liga leaders barcelona . french striker karim benzema will miss the game after picking up a knee injury against atletico madrid .
former brazil striker ronaldo played for real madrid between 2002 07 . the two time world cup winner officially retired from playing in 2011 . cristiano ronaldo scored his 50th goal of the season against malaga . real madrid beat malaga 3 1 to keep up the pressure on leaders barcelona .
emmanuel adebayor s current tottenham contract runs out in 2016 . the striker is unwilling to take anything less than his current 5 . 2 million salary before accepting a move out of white hart lane . togolese forward has made just nine league starts this season .
winchester council in hampshire claimed annual clean up hit by new rules . but the health and safety executive denied tightening rules and added that councils were over interpreting legislation . poet laureate sir andrew motion accused town hall bosses and highways agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
stephanie scott , 26 , was last seen at leeton , west of sydney , last sunday . high school teacher is due to marry her partner of five years on saturday . police have grave concerns as her disappearance is out of character . ms scott could be travelling in a mazda 3 sedan with registration bz 19 cd .
technical university of braunschweig researchers analysed peppermint . found raised nicotine levels in plants subjected to cigarette smoke . also showed peppermint plants take up nicotine from contaminated soils . findings could explain high nicotine levels in some spices and teas .
one row each of caramel , fruit nut , whole nut , oreo , daim , and turkish . not available in shops as all 50 bars can only be won on twitter . brand worked alongside food artist prudence staite to create mega bar .
the prosecutor looking at allegations against argentina s president says no crime committed . the original prosecutor who brought the case was found dead in january .
figures show that while millions still tune in they listen for shorter bursts . average listener spent ten hours a week tuning in last three months of 2014 . this was 14 down on decade earlier , when people tuned in for 11 . 6 hours . the bbc trust has cleared the way for firms to buy their way into lifestyle programmes on the world news channel in a product placement experiment . .
the plot focuses on a rogue mission to steal plans for death star . felicity jones will star as a rebel soldier .
doncaster posted highlights video on the club s youtube channel . the yorkshire side drew 0 0 with fleetwood in league one encounter .
queensland woman roxy walsh found an inscribed gold ring in bali . the sentimental jewellery piece was found in the ocean while snorkelling . ms walsh has launched a campaign to return the ring to the people who own it , hoped to be joe or jenny according to inscription . facebook post has already been shared by more than 23 thousand people .
change4life run by public health england to tackle country s obesity crisis . it is promoting dishes on its website with up to 29g of sugar per serving . the apricot bread pudding recipe slightly more sugar than a snickers bar . cardiologists say advice is disturbing and is legitimises unhealthy foods .
slovenian born aljaz bedene secured a british passport last month . international tennis federation ruled bedene ca n t play for great britain . ruling comes after bedene played twice for slovenia in 2010 and 2011 . rusedski , who switched to britain from canada , offered his support . bedene s world no 99 ranking puts him only behind andy murray in britain . murray backed bedene s switch saying it would motivate those below him .
daryl murphy was second to patrick bamford for the championship award . young player of the year dele alli behind joe garner in league one . shrewsbury town had three players in league two s top 10 players . football league player of the year awards given out on sunday . top ten from votes by football league managers released on thursday .
filmmakers said they plan to use the latest ultra hd camera technology . eight part series will take four years to make , will debut on netflix in 2019 . will focus on the earth s last wilderness areas and the animals living there .
since tony pulis took charge at west brom , pocognoli has found game time hard to come by and midfielder chris brunt ahead of him . the left back ca n t understand why he does n t get picked to play . pocognoli was a regular under alan irvine before he was sacked . click here for all the latest west brom news .
the largest mosque in the middle east , the grand mosque in abu dhabi is as stunning on the inside as the outside . amateur british photographer julian john visits the prayer halls as often as he can to capture their ornate beauty . the impressive structure took almost 10 years to build and over 30 , 000 workers , only reaching completion in 2007 .
david cameron travelled to cornwall overnight on paddington sleeper . the prime minister used the visit to outline his new plan for the south west . he promised to give chancellor george osborne a cornish pasty t shirt . he joked that the train trip allowed him a night of peace without the family .
new england patriots take on pittsburgh steelers on september 10 . nfl released full schedule for the 2015 season on thursday . dallas cowboys host new york giants on sunday night in week one . seattle seahawks vs green bay packers rematch set for week two . green bay packers will host chicago bears on thanksgiving night . visit nfl . com for the full 2015 season schedule .
champions league semi finals juventus vs real madrid , barcelona vs bayern munich . europa league semi finals sevilla vs fiorentina , napoli vs dnipro . porto and benfica meet in a top of the table clash in portugal .
rosemary taylor approached photographer nelson jones at a city festival . jones was taking pictures of a black and an asian model for tourism shoot . taylor apparently told photographer this is not the image i want for city . moments later , models and jones were asked to leave event by city official . taylor sacked by city of brookhaven in georgia for unbecoming conduct . she has defended herself , saying she was wrongly accused in the incident .
south africa is battling xenophobic violence after some said foreigners are taking jobs away . a 14 year old boy is among those killed after a mob with machetes targeted foreigners .
a woman was accidentally ordered to pay 3 . 35 quadrillion to her pension . massive sum is more than the entire gross domestic product of germany . blunder by pensions office was discovered before any money was taken .
stephen hawking is a famed cosmologist and mathematician . he sings monty python s galaxy song in a hilarious new video .
bubba watson pulled off an incredible baseball style trick shot in practice . the 36 year old smashed the airborne ball straight down the middle . watson s form was poor at the masters and shenzen international .
south africa marks 21 years since the first free election . nation celebrates amid recent violent attack on immigrants .
deutsche bank survey confirms what australians already know . for the 4th year straight australia ranked as the world s costliest country . a 2 litre bottle of coke costs 51 percent more than in new york . biggest difference is hotel rooms , which are double the price of new york .
a clip of mimi playing volleyball was uploaded to facebook . cat saw of competition from thousands of gifted animals . family received 20 voucher to buy treats for their cat . owner said family were really excited to see the advert .
two french tourists who tried to set a quokka alight on rottnest island . the men allegedly ignited aerosol spray with lighter and singed the animal . aged 18 and 24 , they were evicted from the island in western australia . both have been charged for animal cruelty and appear in court on april 17 .
karim benzema has set his side target of reaching champions league final . the frenchman insists real will give their all to be there at the end . james rodriguez is happy to be plying his trade under carlo ancelotti . real madrid face atletico madrid at the vicente calderon on tuesday . read see where cristiano ronaldo and co unwind after training .
thousands of the jellyfish like creatures , known as velella velella , are covering beaches across oregon , california and washington . the creatures have small sails on their bodies , which means they are easily blown towards the shore during strong winds this time of year . they are not harmful to humans but will begin to smell as they rot .
louis van gaal is closing in on a deal for midfielder ilkay gundogan . manchester united have agreed 20 . 5 million fee with borussia dortmund . germany international has scored nine goals in 75 games for dortmund . arsenal were also linked with a move for the 24 year old midfielder .
the pga tour star has earned extra brownie points with his growing legion of fans after calling out an online hater who abused his girlfriend . bikini model alexis randock had posted a photo on her instagram account of her and her sister nicole on the beach . a troll called fatalsplash then accused alexis of being a gold digger who did n t have to work . fowler quickly told the hater to get your facts straight , while alexis informed him that she worked her butt off .
scientists in southern italy have known about him since 1993 . researchers worried that rescuing the bones would shatter them .
travis hatfield , 21 , from west virginia performed with his 47 year old uncle . their video went viral with more than 410 , 000 views . the singer says he is how receiving offers from record labels .
liverpool city council planning committee gave its approval on tuesday . liverpool had grown concerns over confidentiality of their team details . opportune observers and photographers have watched sessions in past . stan collymore liverpool should have patience with brendan rodgers . read juventus monitoring liverpool winger raheem sterling .
radamel falcao joined manchester united on on loan last summer . falcao has struggled for form and games since his move . the colombian forward is currenlty earning 280 , 000 a week .
world no 1 mark selby overcame a neck injury to beat fellow englishman elliot slessor at the china open . john higgins and ding junhui have also made it into the tournament s last 16 . shaun murphy was made to work hard for his place in the third round , coming back from 3 2 down to beat anthony mcgill . the last 16 will take place across two sessions on thursday .
chelsea captain john terry has revealed his pfa team of the year . liverpool playmaker philippe coutinho gets nod as player of the year . tottenham scoring sensation harry kane is his young player of the year . former blues juan mata and ryan bertrand are in his best xi picks .
hungarian national evelin mezei , 12 , has been found safe and well . she had gone missing from the stratford area in london last night . evelin had been seen on cctv footage with an unknown man .
mauricio pochettino says harry kane has struggled since england debut . also believes his team mate ryan mason is suffering as well . 21 year old kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions this season .
a top official with president dilma rousseff s ruling party is arrested in bribery probe . joao vaccari neto denies wrongdoing , says all donations were legal . hundreds of thousands of brazilians have protested against rousseff in the last few months .
original lyrics to u . s . pop anthem american pie up for auction today . notes on don mclean s 60s hit expected to fetch up to 1 . 5 million . the 16 pages also includes deleted verse about music being reborn . .
the film will premiere on memorial day . it opened last year s cannes film festival . a planned march theater release was scrubbed .
richard curry , 71 , was diagnosed with malignant melanoma in his septum . was told he had to have his nose removed to stop the spread of the cancer . had magnetic implants inserted into his cheekbones and nasal cavity . now wears a prosthetic nose which is attached to his face using magnets .
luis figo is challenging to replace sepp blatter as fifa president . former portugal star does n t believe all of confederation of african football s caf 54 votes will decide in blatter s favour . prince ali bin al hussein and michael van praag are also in the running .
mauricio pochettino wo n t continue blooding youngsters unless approach is merited . harry kane , nabil bentaleb and ryan mason have flourished this season . pochettino reiterates that hugo lloris is happy at white hart lane . tottenham lie sixth in premier league table ahead of trip to southampton .
paris saint germain play barcelona in the champions league this week . defender thiago silva has warned his team of barcelona s attacking threat . psg prepared for the first leg by winning the french league cup . lucas moura lionel messi is my idol . . . i am obsessed with his ability . read psg boss laurent blanc feels his side have hit momentum .
pit crew member todd phillips was hit by a car on sunday during the inaugural indycar grand prix of louisiana . he was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel . phillips received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released . dracone did not finish the race and wound up 23rd .
paul downton became the latest casualty of england s poor performances . his exit came a day ahead of an ecb board meeting into his future . he endured a traumatic time after replacing hugh morris after the ashes . downton s exit is not expected to be the last following poor world cup .
penny wong s partner sophie allouache gave birth in adelaide on friday . labor senator shared news of baby hannah s arrival with twitter followers . it is the second child for the couple who welcomed alexandra in 2011 . hannah and alexandra were both conceived by the same sperm donor .
nauseating footage captured on phone and uploaded to youtube in the us . teacher tries to give lesson by showing effect of an axe on a cinder block , but misjudges swing , bringing tool directly into fellow teacher s groin . the victim appears to be ok and stands up and dusts himself off moments after being hit .
nephew of jfk , and son for former attorney general , opposes vaccines . he believes a chemical called thimerosal causes autism in children . promoting protest film , he likened vaccinated kids to holocaust victims . on monday , he apologized for the comment after widespread criticism .
british scientists say they have got to the root of prostate cancer . have exposed an achilles heel that could lead to better survival chances . could mean that men get individualised treatments within a few years .
officers arrested jason rezaian and his wife in july on unspecified allegations . it took months to charge him charges were made public last week . the washington post and the state department find the charges absurd .
the video depicts the 918 spyder driving down the stuart highway . the car was driven by new zealand professional racer craig baird . the stunt is part of a promotional tour to showcase the hybrid cars .
wojciech szczesny feels sorry for adam federici after his fa cup error . the goalkeeper let an alexis sanchez shot squirm into the net in extra time . szczesny insists federici was the best player on the pitch at wembley . arsenal went onto win the semi final 2 1 after the goalkeeper s error . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
matt prior picked up injury playing for england last year . achilles problem saw him lose his test place to jos buttler . despite almost a year of rehab , prior is still a long way from making return .
tottenham hotspur chairman daniel levy has told supporters that future transfer policy will include developing young players with resale value . having failed to successfully reinvest the money received for gareth bale , levy will now turn to more modestly priced players . although financially sensible , levy s new plans could risk spurs falling behind the other top clubs in pursuit of the champions league . click here for all the latest tottenham hotspur news .
switzerland are facing poland in the fed cup world group play offs . martina hingis lost 6 4 , 6 0 to world no 9 agnieszka radwanska . the former no 1 and five time grand slam singles winner has not played a singles match since 2007 .
diego maradona was filmed hitting a dummy during boxing training . former argentina star hit dummy in head and on the body .
the 3 , 000 robbery happened at a lloyds bank branch in fairwater , cardiff . cctv images released of a suspect with greying hair and wearing glasses . police say they are confident the public will know the suspect s identity .
video footage shows blaine taylor from aberdeen , scotland , competing against his older brother cody . but as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill , he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground . to date the toddler s mishap has been watched more than 90 , 000 times . in a bid to cheer the youngster up , a local newspaper headed to his family home armed with dozens of chocolate easter eggs .
a warrant has been issued for the arrest of clarence taylor , 44 , who remains at large . authorities say the akron , ohio man faked his own kidnapping last fall . taylor was found bound to a tree with duct tape covering his mouth of november 1 . he claimed men with shotguns kidnapped him , stole 2 , 500 and then left him tied to the tree for several days . however , medical records show taylor suffered no dehydration or injuries consistent with being out in the rainy weather for an extended period . it s unclear why authorities delayed in ordering the arrest .
patricia wilnecker has visited lamorna cove every year since 1948 . pensioner , 81 , even moved to the area and wrote book about cornish coast . but landowner claims she deliberately knocked down son daniel , 36 . roy stevenson said she can come back if she tells him she s sorry .
kurt zouma reveals he has an ambition to win the ballon d or . chelsea youngster has had an impressive first season at stamford bridge . 20 year old has been compared to chelsea legend marcel desailly .
tomas berdych beat juan monaco 6 3 , 6 4 in the miami open last eight . the czech now goes on to play andy murray in friday s semi finals . berdych and murray contested a fiery match at this year s australian open .
deion sanders calls out son for hood doughnuts comments . you re a huxtable with a million trust fund . .
crash occurred in lewiston , idaho , about 8am wednesday . driver sitko , 23 , crashed off the road and drove through property . his truck was stopped from dropping off bryden canyon by a fence . a passer by smashed the window and dragged him to safety . the man fled when police and paramedics arrived . sitko is recovering from minor injuries in hospital .
duck and ten ducklings followed staff back to an office in sutton coldfield . visit was filmed by a member of staff on her mobile phone . employee said even company director found the whole thing hilarious .
the nfl has reinstated adrian peterson , allowing him to participate in league activities starting on friday . this after he was suspended last september following an indictment on charges of child abuse . peterson reportedly beat his son with a switch last may . the running back in set to make 12 . 75 million this season with the minnesota vikings .
chris coleman s wales rose 15 places to 22 in the fifa world rankings . belgium switched places with colombia to reach no 3 for the first time . england have climbed three places to 14 after win over lithuania . bhutan s wins over sri lanka boost them 46 places off the bottom . world cup finalists germany and argentina retain first and second spot .
scans have revealed all blacks flyhalf aaron cruden needs knee surgery . the 26 year old injured his knee during clash with canterbury crusaders . surgery is likely to rule him out of a minimum of six months of action . that means all blacks ace cruden will miss this summer s world cup .
wild asian elephant was trapped in a swamp in rural southern china . female animal had battled all night to escape before being discovered . villagers and police teamed up in a dramatic three hour rescue operation . exhausted elephant can not stand up and is being treated with medication .
milos raonic , last year s wimbledon semi finalist , will play at queen s club . australian nick kyrgios will also make his debut in west london . kyrgios knocked rafael nadal out of wimbledon in a huge shock last year .
eugenie bouchard has suffered four defeats in her last six matches . the world no 7 is representing canada in fed cup world group play off . canadian star refuses to shake hands in pre match press conferences .
commemorates birth in same way as the arrival of prince george in 2013 . babies born on same day will receive one of 2 , 015 free lucky silver pennies . duke and duchess of cambridge s second baby due this month .
stuart pearce feels manuel pellegrini deserves more time at the etihad . pellegrini is under pressure following their recent league capitulation . the citizens were smashed by rivals manchester united on sunday . manchester city now sit fourth in the league 12 points adrift of chelsea .
20 year old woman was hit by bullet at 11pm on wednesday night . window shattered and she felt blood driving down i 25 north of denver . bullet passed clean through her neck but did not cause major injury . other drivers have reported windows shattering after potential gunshots .
typical heterosexual couples in britain are having sex three times a month . the figure in 2000 was four times a month and five times a month in 1990 . leading statistician says couples are checking their emails all the time .
dr . ayse giray first sued hamdi ulukaya in 2012 on claims her family lent him 500 , 000 that helped him build the yogurt empire .
leicester have won back to back league games to boost survival hopes . nigel pearson has urged his players to focus on their own run in . leicester now just three points from safety heading into final six games .
oribe peralta scored a late equaliser to earn american a draw . montreal impact had led through ignacio piatti s first half header . the second leg of the concacaf champions league final is next week . nigel reo coker played 76 minutes before he was replaced .
sepp blatter visited sochi on monday to see one of the 2018 host venues . the fifa president also met with russia president vladimir putin . blatter backed russia to host a successful tournament in 2018 .
small group of supporters ejected after supposedly mocking disaster . eight people were arrested at old trafford in relation to manchester derby . but police praised overwhelming majority of fans for their behaviour . manchester united beat rivals city 4 2 on sunday afternoon .
the draw for the europa league semi finals was made in nyon , switzerland . holders sevilla face fiorentina as they attempt to win it for a fourth time . rafa benitez s napoli , who play dnipro , could set up an all italian final . warsaw will play host to the europa league final on may 27 .
trussell trust asks for donation from churches and community groups . it then charges 360 per year from each group running trust food banks . critics accuse the charity of taking money which could be spent on food . but trust said cash grants and in kind goods were double the donation .
kevin bowes lost several teeth , had four avoidable root canal treatments and five avoidable crowns fitted by dr nicholas crees over a decade . second dentists said he will need extensive treatment to repair decay . awarded 30 , 000 out of court but dr crees has not admitted liability . mr bowes , said i was devastated . .
boeing 737 cargo plane was carrying 10 tonnes of freight when it landed . left main landing gear detached due to heat damage to chrome plating . report said the aircraft shuddered and rolled slightly to the left . co pilot and the captain of a different team reported smoke . firefighters sprayed the landing gear and engine as a precaution .
more than 20 , 000 passed ten or more gcses with a or a in last five years . one in 30 children who sat the exams ended up with at least ten a grades . figures suggest uk s most able pupils are increasingly getting top marks .
kilcoy state school working with queensland health to improve situation . professor matthew cooper urges parents to take vaccination seriously . the infectious diseases expert says people have decided not to immunise . there have been 86 confirmed cases in 2015 in area 16 in the past week . dr cooper says parents must know the importance of vaccination .
divers located and harnessed the dumped items which have included shopping trolleys , mopeds and even cars . a 100 tonne crane has now been put in place to lift the abandoned objects from the bottom of the river bed . the extent of the rubbish in the river avon was recently revealed after a survey of flood defences in bath .
memphis depay is being targeted by manchester united and liverpool . the holland international is linked with a 25million move from psv . but he has held talks with paris saint germain over a potential switch . read depay is like a young cristiano ronaldo , says ronald de boer . click here for all you need to know on depay .
kitty carroll was last seen playing at the kemah boardwalk marina in texas on wednesday but when her father checked on her , she was gone . authorities launched a search from sea and air and her body was found early on thursday morning near the marina . family members said she had been celebrating her fifth birthday before she went missing . police will review nearby surveillance footage to determine what happened .
classic fm dj and former itn presenter s wife bonnie died on april 15 . suchet , 71 , described bonnie said marriage was made in heaven . he had been open about her dementia diagnosis and wrote a book about it .
raheem sterling was filmed inhaling laughing gas less than two weeks ago . saido berahino was another england starlet filmed inhaling hippy crack . jack grealish inspired aston villa to their fa cup semi final win on sunday . the 19 year old has seemingly been caught inhaling from a balloon .
dzhokhar tsarnaev is found guilty on all 30 charges he faced . seventeen counts were capital charges , meaning he is eligible for the death penalty .
jon flanagan s contract expires in the summer . flanagan has been out of action all season due to a knee injury . brendan rodgers is keen to keep flanagan at liverpool .
hull city are keeping tabs on leeds united s promising young english midfielder alex mowatt . the 20 year old has impressed for leeds this season , scoring nine goals . mowatt was watched by hull scouts in leeds 4 3 defeat by wolves on monday .
chelsea defeated manchester united 1 0 with eden hazard scoring the goal . despite the win , chelsea had only 29 per cent possession at stamford bridge . the total is chelsea s lowest since opta started recording the data in 2006 . manager jose mourinho said that the end result was the most important thing .
william mccollom , the chief of police in peachtree city , georgia , called 911 on january 1 to say he had accidentally shot his wife , margaret . margaret was left paralyzed below the waist and believes it was an accident . mccollom resigned from chief position in march after working in policing for nearly three decades . he was indicted on a reckless conduct charge on wednesday .
charles piutau has played 14 internationals for new zealand . piutau can play as full back , wing or centre and will join ulster in 2016 . ulster team manager bryn cunningham is excited to secure piutau .
memphis depay has been linked with a summer move to man united . tottenham and man city are also said to be keeping tabs on psv star . depay has scored 19 goals in 25 league games so far this season . the dutch ace worked under louis van gaal at the 2014 world cup .
eamon sullivan proposed to girlfriend naomi bass in kyoto , japan . the pair were out for an evening walk when he dropped to one knee . proposal took place under a cherry blossom tree filled with white doves . pair met in perth in 2011 , where they live with their three dogs . sullivan previously dated fellow olympic swimmer stephanie rice .
senator told face the nation same sex marriage is n t a constitutional right . added that it should be left up to the states to decide whether to allow it . comments came after sparking debate following an interview with fusion . said he does n t agree with gay marriage , but would attend a same sex union if it was somebody he cared for .
ap mccoy wins second feature race at grand national festival . rides don cossack to victory in melling chase on friday . set to ride favourite shutthefrontdoor at aintree on saturday .
lindsey vonn was back at augusta friday to watch boyfriend tiger woods play in the second round of the masters . vonn looked stressed at times though woods played a solid round , carding a three under par 69 . woods is still well behind the leader , hot young american star jordan spieth . the 21 year old broke the 36 hole record on friday and is 14 under par for the tournament , 12 strokes ahead of woods . spieth led after three rounds last year and finished second at the tournament . if spieth wins he would tie the record for the youngest winner in masters history with woods .
richie gray will be sold if castres olympique are relegated from the top 14 . it has put glasgow warriors on high alert surrounding gray s future . gray has one year left on his castres deal but could soon be released .
woman had been left clinging to the hull of overturned trimaran yesterday . partner had ensured she was safe before diving under boat to find flare . their trimaran had overturned more than a mile off the coast of kent . coastguard spokesman said pair were cold and shaken but unharmed .
perth s joyce tabram was admitted to fiona stanley hospital on march 30 . she spent five days not eating because doctors told her to fast for testing . ms tabram , 82 , had a swollen abdomen but was not tested up until april 3 . she asked to be discharged and is expected to be tested later this week . the frail , elderly woman has called on the hospital to be closed down . but wa s health minister said hospital doctors had acted appropriately .
in recent facebook q a , zuckerberg discussed the future of travel . expects that a greater emphasis will be on sharing 3d virtual reality scenes . last year , facebook purchased virtual reality headset marker , oculus .
laura mary sumner has been ordered to leave russia within ten days . ms sumner was researching soviet rule from 1917 to 1921 in a library . officials claimed she was in russia on a commercial not a study visa . russian media branded ms sumner a spy due to her research interests .
frustrated elephant misses its target as it attempts to douse bull in water . huge african elephant is with its baby , who nestles close for protection . kruger national park , where pictures were taken , is home to 147 mammals .
author anthony horowitz has accused david walliams of dumbing down . claims walliams fails to challenge young readers with unambitious books . horowitz argues authors should not be afraid of powerful stories or ideas .
researchers tested effects of caffeine on patients taking tamoxifen . combination of prescription drug and coffee make cancer killing cocktail . caffeine makes breast cancer cells divide less quickly and die more often .
toni duggan posted a photo to instagram of her with louis van gaal . van gaal was enjoying celebratory meal after united s 4 2 derby win . manchester city player duggan apologised and removed the photo .
out of 17 bingo halls tested , seven revealed traces of cocaine in toilets . one , in bristol , even tested positive for dangerous variant crack cocaine . figures show spike in oaps receiving hospital treatment for drug abuse .
mary todd lowrance , teacher at moises e molina high school , turned herself into dallas independent school district police on thursday morning . dallas isd police said she had been in a relationship with student , who is older than 17 years old , for a couple of months . she confided in coworker who alerted authorities and police eventually got arrest warrant . lowrance was booked into county jail on 5 , 000 bond and has been released from the dallas county jail , according to county records . she has been on leave for several weeks while investigators worked on the case , police said .
martin skrtel has been linked with a move to wolfsburg and napoli . but the liverpool defender has admitted he wants to stay at anfield . skrtel s agent karol csonto says new contract should be finalised soon . the 30 year old has made over 200 league appearances for the reds . read liverpool set for summer overhaul with ten kop stars on way out .
resourceful firefighter rescued all six ducklings using realistic ringtone . heartwarming clip sees him holding out phone while standing in the drain . eventually he is able to grasp the agitated birds and pass them up to safety . bizarrely , it was the louisiana fire station s second duck rescue this week .
anthony trollope introduced post boxes to the uk in the 1850s . the victorian novelist saw them in france while working for the post office . initially the post boxes were painted green to blend in with the landscape . the limited edition sheet of stamps feature images of trollope and his life .
guests attending battle of waterloo anniversary service told not to gloat . invitations to the event said it must not be seen as triumphalist . the move was criticised by politicians as absurd political correctness .
rona fairhead is facing immediate calls to step down as director of hsbc . it s after claims swiss arm helped wealthy clients hide billions from taxman . she was criticised by mps as incredibly naive for failing to notice scandal . american investors lodged their votes to get rid of the bbc trust chairman .
cui hongfang hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall . police have ruled it an accident , but are still investigating . victim s family said the tourist was running on a steep section of the wall .
bag was discovered near cambridge police station on saturday morning . more human remains later found in a common area of apartment building . a suspect has been arrested and charged with accessory , not homicide . they will not be identified until the arraignment on monday , officials said . cambridge police are treating grisly situation as homicide investigation .
chelsea are in early discussions over a possible partnership in belgium . the pro league s royal mouscron peruwelz are the prospective partners . chelsea already have an agreement with vitesse arnheim in holland . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
martha , aged 10 , had been paddling in the water when she was swept out . her owner launched their own rescue but was unable to grab the pet . rnli eventually found the golden retriever who was cold and shivering . brought her back to the shore after managing to grab her by the collar .
bennett slated graham after the seahawks beat the saints in the playoffs two years ago . and even though the tight end joined seattle , the defensive lineman says his views have not changed . just because he s on my team i do n t stop feeling that way , he said . bennett also denied he asked for a trade to the atlanta falcons .
the labor department reported on thursday that the number of jobless grads rose to 12 . 4 per cent last year from 10 . 9 per cent in 2013 . philip gardner , director of michigan state university s collegiate employment research institute , says engineering and business majors have the most chance on landing a job in today s competitive market . despite the recent news , in a survey of employers last fall the employment center found that hiring of graduates will rise 16per cent this year . indeed , the consulting and accounting firm ey plans to hire 9 , 000 graduates from u . s . universities this year , up from 7 , 500 in 2014 .
defender jason denayer will not be returning to celtic next season . manchester city have decided he should play championship football . denayer nominated for the pfa scotland player of the year award . click here for all the latest celtic news .
the queen recorded their favourite childhood songs in august 1990 . pianist laurie holloway was invited to buckingham palace for the taping . he said the queen and princess margaret recorded each song in one take . unfortunately , the unique tape was lost after the queen mother s death .
the new terminal 1 will open in 2018 spanning 700 , 000 square metres . the large area is set to handle 45 million passengers a year . british iraqi architect , zaha hadid , worked with airport developers adpi . the six tier concept aims to promote a central open communal space .
oscar de la hoya believes that the appointment of referee kenny bayless will work to floyd mayweather s advantage against manny pacquiao . veteran bayless has refereed several of mayweather s previous fights . de la hoya thinks that bayless tendency to break up fighters will stop pacquiao from building any momentum against the american .
teenager was caught on cctv giving the middle finger to monkey in india . but the monkey interprets it as a threat and launches itself at his face . the teenager is left sprawled on his back and in shock following the attack .
olly barkley has signed a contract extension at london welsh . the exiles were relegated from the aviva premiership this season . fly half barkley is keen to fire the welsh back up to the top flight . click here for all the latest rugby unions news .
jose mourinho john terry was one step ahead of every other player . jamie carragher terry is the best defender in the premier league era . chelsea drew 0 0 with arsenal at the emirates on sunday .
iraqi and u . s . led coalition forces say they retook a key refinery from isis . peshmerga forces also report retaking terrain from isis .
victoria ayling said she spent five months nursing son back to health . lieutenant colonel ron shepherd has launched investigation . he raised questions over whether she misrepresented her son s situation . she is running for the key election seat of great grimsby and denies claims .
clint chadbourne , 71 , was headed home to portland when he got trapped . his wife bonnie and daughter kelly captured the whole thing on video . man did n t panic but became increasingly agitated at family s laughter . the chadbournes were able to free clint and posted video on facebook .
jared leto unveiled as the joker for the first time on twitter . leto stars in 2016 s suicide squad .
stephen docherty admitted he lost control when he attacked a concreter . he took a large hook and tore another man s scrotum open . the victim just finished a concrete job on mr docherty s home . mr docherty said the job was not done to his specifications .
cristiano ronaldo scored five times in real madrid s 9 1 win over granada . ronaldo posts picture with a bike on twitter . real madrid star tells followers exercise all you can ! . read which clubs have suffered most at the hands of the ronaldo ? . click here for all the latest real madrid news .
paul casey was the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to play at augusta . the englishman made the last of his eight masters appearances in 2012 . he has the tools in his armoury to do well at the first major of the year . the 2015 masters gets underway at augusta national next thursday .
police went to a home on march 26 in balch springs , texas , to do a welfare check and were told by residents that a two year old child had died . neighbor told daily mail online that a woman at the home claimed that five children at the home were off the streets of mexico .
girl , six , assaulted by boy of the same age at primary school in blackburn . school officials ruled that boy did not need to be removed from girl s class . mother says she has now been forced to move daughter to another school . police can not bring charges as age of criminal responsibility is ten .
delta said the flight crew reported an odor while taxiing to the gate . the crew shut down both engines and notified the airport fire department . passengers remained on board as firefighters checked for a heat source . plane was towed to the gate and passengers allowed to disembark .
tulip siddiq accused of failing to tell voters she met vladimir putin in 2013 . labour candidate met russian president at signing of billion dollar arms deal . former aide to labour leader ed milbiand is standing for party in hampstead .
americans on the no fly list will now get info about why they ve been banned from flights . aclu says the policy still denies meaningful notice , evidence , and a hearing .
general keith alexander has warned that the u . s . and her allies are at an ever growing risk of a systemic cyber assault . he predicts that energy infrastructure would be hacker s prime target . we are not prepared for that , he warned in texas last week . also voiced his concerns about the hacking threat from a terrorist organization such as isis .
bruce cook put up a hay bale sculpture in front of his property in victoria . mr cook says his artwork is a bit of fun which he put up on good friday . the 59 year old says many passersby have stopped to take photos . he says police gave him a call on wednesday , ordering him to take it down . mr cook has refused to do so , even though he could face serious charges .
neymar it will be a great game between two great teams with excellent players . . barcelona face psg in the french capital on april 15 . barca saw off manchester city in the champions league previously .
the air malta airbus a 319 did two heart shaped circuits of the island . the flight was to celebrate wedding of a pilot and a member of cabin crew . social media users were baffled by the unusual flight plan on the internet . an airline spokeswoman described the special flight as very romantic .
stephen curry scored 34 points for golden state against new orleans . the californian based team defeated the pelicans 106 99 . washington wizards outscored the toronto raptors 11 4 in overtime . paul pierce led the scoring with 20 points for the wizards .
a car plunged off a road into los angeles harbor on thursday , and two children pulled from the submerged vehicle were hospitalized . the adults were described as being in fair condition but clearly emotionally distraught . witnesses said the car appeared to speed up as it neared the edge . firefighter miguel meza who dove into the water in san pedro after a car carrying a family of four plunged into the water has been hailed a hero .
edward nudel , 41 , was indicted wednesday on multiple charges after allegedly strangling his relative s dog . nudel then reportedly called the relative , bragging about the deed . when officers went to arrest the man , nudel wrestled with them sending one to the hospital with injuries .
new zealand recently changed how they calculate child support figures . some parents are outraged , labelling the changes as unreasonable . one parent said he quit his job so he would n t have to face a 600 increase . he said after he halved his income , his payment dropped by two thirds .
gareth bale joined real madrid for 86million from tottenham in 2013 . bale the won copa del rey and champions league in first season at real . 25 year old s car was attacked by fans after losing to barcelona last month . see where cristiano ronaldo and bale unwind after madrid training .
sheila secker , 78 , died after she was unable to ring son after a fall . she had n t used her pay as you go phone so it had been disconnected . vodafone had cut off her number , but glitch still allowed top ups .
west indies captain denesh ramdin confirmed devendra bishoo will play . leg spinner bishoo has 40 wickets for the west indies in 11 tests . england s batsmen have historically struggled with leg spin .
prize money has been increased to over 20 . 2 million at roland garros . the men s and women s singles champions will each receive 1 . 3 m . the french open remains the grand slam with the lowest top prize .
trooper abraham martinez jumped into the air and kicked steven gaydos off his bike following a high speed chase in houston in december 2012 . gaydos ran a stop sign and fled while driving on a suspended license . martinez shot at him four times striking him in the leg and when the man pulled over , he kicked him off his bike . martinez was suspended for three days for the unconventional move . the video emerged this week as a texas newspaper investigated outdated tactics used in department of public safety pursuits .
april morris of south carolina , thought she d never see her beloved pit bull , nina louise , again after she went astray in december 2013 . but this past saturday she could n t believe her eyes when she saw footage of the malnourished pup s heartbreaking rescue on the nightly news . morris called the local humane society to claim the pit bull and identified her by detailing two white spots in the fur behind her head . she collected the dog and her ten puppies .
inverness upset celtic 3 2 in the scottish cup semi final on sunday . caley defender david raven scored the winning goal in extra time . the 30 year old has hailed his wining strike as a dream come true .
jia binhui can not afford hospital treatment for deadly disease . he says experts told him temperatures of 42c can kill cancer cells . built barbecue contraption in his garden so he can use it every day . plans on returning to hospital to see if it has worked .
a new kansas law bans what it describes as dismemberment abortion . supporters say it s a groundbreaking step . opponents say it s dangerous and politically motivated .
wilson voiced fears in a letter to then home secretary james callaghan . he said he wanted to be able to tell the queen programme could proceed . metropolitan police were sent to wales to join the fight against extremists .
iconic uk brand topshop continues expansion across sydney . this marks sydney s second store , located at westfield miranda . fashion elite will arrive in style in iconic london black cabs . australian celebrities cheyenne tozzi and nic westaway to help launch it .
wasps no 8 nathan hughes was given a three match ban for a late challenge on george north which left the northampton winger concussed . the club will appeal the decision on the grounds that it was an accident . as the hearing is scheduled to be held next friday , it means hughes will not be available for wasps to face toulon in the european champions cup .
sergio perez admits force india are relying on june upgrade to improve . mexican fears very painful year if upgrade fails to raise competitiveness . force india missed much of pre season testing and are well off the pace .
theo walcott insists arsenal have shown the best form in europe this year . gunners earned eight successive premier league victories before 0 0 draw with chelsea . walcott believes arsenal must stay injury free to win title next season . olivier giroud i get p about everyone talking about my hairstyle . read arsenal fan gives girlfriend written exam on the gunners .
dc , partners introduce dc super hero girls , intended for girls 6 12 . reaction mostly favorable but some caveats .
six people , including one civilian , are killed when a car bomb explodes near a police station . six others are killed when their armored vehicle is attacked on a highway in northern sinai . ansar beit al maqdis , an isis affiliate , claims responsibility .
manhattan district attorney concluded criminal charge is not supported . 63 year old was accused of grabbing model at tribeca film center office . father of five denied the claim but did face possible misdemeanor charges . battilana , 22 , did n t cooperate with police for four days after allegation . has been claimed delay was because she wanted to try and land a film role .
18 year old xie xu met his 19 year old classmate zhang chi at school . zhang has muscular dystrophy , a condition which makes it difficult to walk . xie has been carrying zhang to and from school each day for three years . he helps him wash his clothes , get his meals , and get to classes . both boys are the top of their class and hope to go to university .
bricks along the top of the former national city bank building collapsed and showered down onto the street and sidewalk at 4 p . m . on monday . no one was injured but a minivan was crushed below . cleveland fire spokesman larry gray said the falling bricks might have been a freak accident .
gwyneth , 42 , and chris , 38 , consciously uncoupled in march 2014 . they married in december 2003 and have two children together . have used their business managers to work out a settlement agreement .
the print ad ran in the most recent issue of vice magazine . the controversial company is looking to rebrand after founder and former ceo dov charney was ousted in december following a string of sexual harassment lawsuits .
abou diaby s arsenal contract expires at the end of the season . france international has suffered 42 injuries since signing for the gunners . arsene wenger hinted at an extended pay as you play deal for diaby who will be allowed to train at the club even if he has to move on .
chris zebroski attacked two taxi drivers in swindon in december . newport county striker says he was a bit over the limit . while he was on bail he assaulted and attempted to rob two men . recorder says four year sentence will shatter professional football career . newport terminate zebroski s contract as a result .
man , who has not been named , turned gun on himself at 2 15 pm . was standing by new despicable me minion mayhem ride at the time .
9th us circuit court of appeals confirmed elmore s conviction wednesday . appeals court rejected claim that constitutional rights were violated at trial . convicted in 1995 of killing and raping christy ohnstad in bellingham . said girl threatened to tell on him for molesting her when she was younger . elmore has been on death row since 1996 but executions are suspended .
utrecht briefly had twelve players on the pitch against ajax on sunday . winger edouard duplan had n t realised he had been substituted . frenchman saw funny side and made his way off the pitch during 1 1 draw .
troy slezak from california filmed his seven month old daughter stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home . footage shows the duo rolling around together and stopping for nose rubs . slezak says the canine is usually very hyper but as soon as she sees stella she is calm and careful .
johannes stoetter s artwork features two carefully painted female models . the 37 year old has previously transformed models into frogs and parrots . daubed water based body paint on naked models to create the effect . completing the deception , models rested on bench painted to match skin .
ryan bertrand takes to instagram to upload snap of his daughters toy car . 25 year old southampton defender got her a red ferrari to match his own . bertrand has made 26 premier league appearances this season .
sir bradley wiggins will bid to break cycling s hour record this year . he will race at london s olympic velodrome in front of 6 , 000 fans in june . wiggins will ride in next month s tour de yorkshire . he is also targeting his eighth olympic medal at the rio 2016 games .
alan pardew claims he has the ability to manage the league s top sides . however pardew insists he is content with life at selhurst park . the eagles host premier league holders manchester city on monday night .
mass fight broke out around 10pm friday at resorts world casino . patrons at establishment next to jfk airport fought at bar opening . video of the encounter where patrons threw chairs was tweeted . police said four people were arrested and will be charged over fight .
brazilian defender david luiz pulled up during win against marseille . former chelsea man was substituted before half time following injury . scans have since revealed luiz could miss up to eight psg matches . those games include the champions league clash against barcelona .
agent was taken to an area hospital as a precaution . . the cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled .
two 21 year olds and a 25 and 22 year old collapsed on the vessel on good friday . they were rushed to st vincent s hospital in a critical condition but are now stable . on friday afternoon , about 800 partygoers poured off the bella vista boat after the party came to an end . the boat , which was hosting a dirty funken beats party , left king street wharf at noon . police say they discovered cocaine , marijuana and mdma before the boat left the wharf .
the travel writer joins up with the abu dhabi ocean racing team . the volvo ocean race is currently taking on the next stage in brazil . joly was trained by tom daley in tv hit splash ! .
daniel agger has been charged with violent conduct . the brondby star appeared to elbow copenhagen s mattias jorgensen . agger rejoined first club brondby from liverpool in august 2014 .
hundreds of boxes of fresh meat was being taken to refugees in aleppo . but isis militants spotted a label claiming the chickens were us reared . they declared the cargo unlawful and set light to hundreds of the crates . wastage comes despite up to 650 , 000 facing starvation in war torn syria .
judy murray wore a belted dress coat to her son andy s wedding . she stays toned by dancing , doing pilates , walking or gardening . try the v sit up to engage and firm your abdominal muscles .
christian eriksen was spotted with girlfriend sabrina kvist jensen . the pair were pictured enjoying a kiss in outside in soho , london . the tottenham midfielder has been dating kvist for almost three years . eriksen played the full game as spurs lost to aston villa on saturday .
precious brew has been created by japanese liquor company suntory . it boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and 2g of collagen per can . collagen is a protein found in skin that provides structure and firmness . experts are divided over how effective it is when drunk or eaten with food .
manchester united are currently third in the premier league standings . united are 11 points behind league leaders chelsea with four games left . united finished seventh last season their lowest in the premier league era .
nurhayada sofia fell to her death after being dragged by an escalator . the 6 year old was shopping with mother at the mall in pudu , malaysia . cctv shows her playing with the handrail before she slips through gap . her mother who had been on the phone was said to be inconsolable .
spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42 . staff analysed data and found users aged 42 drop their usual playlists . start listening to today s chart toppers , such as rihanna and sam smith .
dog named teeny works out alongside experienced trainer eric ko . trainer counts to four while completing press ups with dog . teeny leans over and gives eric a kiss before starting again . the video was captured at the dogaroo pet centre in hong kong .
red fox spots a deer bone among a group of black crows on a frozen lake in furen in japan and goes in to take it . but the animal is challenged by two advancing large eagles who surround him as he holds bone in his jaws . as the fox and eagles clash , it becomes clear the young fox is destined to lose the battle against his larger foes .
poll found 45 per cent of briton lied about their spending to their partner . one in four people do n t admit how much they really spend on themselves . finances should not be a taboo subject urges money advice service .
sunderland face newcastle in the tyne wear deerby on sunday . captain john o shea has targeted a fifth successive win over rivals . black cats are in danger of falling into relegation zone over easter .
an elderly man has reportedly been attacked by a crocodile in queensland . the man was playing golf at the palmer sea reef golf course on monday . golf owner clive palmer sent his well wishes to the man after the attack . paramedics treated the man who suffered a bite wound to his lower leg . he has been taken to mossiman district hospital in a stable condition .
the 250 year old toy was made from leather with a wooden head . it was found during excavation of an ancient toilet in gdansk . archaeologists also discovered swords during the dig .
domanik green , 14 , altered the background on the laptop at paul r . smith middle school in holiday , florida . pasco county sheriff s office said he hacked into an encrypted system . youngster had access to tests and could have altered classmates grades . he has been charged with a 3rd degree felony and has been suspended from school for 10 days .
arnold palmer has been struggling with a shoulder injury . but the 85 year old legend hit the first drive of the 2015 masters . gary player , 79 , and jack nicklaus , 75 , also hit ceremonial opening drives . player took the bragging rights with a 240 yard tee shot . click here for the masters 2015 leaderboard .
washington couple s son began complaining of someone talking to him . one night they heard wake up little boy daddy s looking for you . also believe hacker has infiltrated the device s camera to watch their son . tech experts warned baby monitors linked to internet are more vulnerable .
arsenal under 21s fell to a 3 2 defeat at middlesbrough on monday night . the gunners had goalkeeper deyan iliev sent off early on . he had brought down harry chapman in the box and a penalty was given . emmanuel ledesma scored from the spot before alex iwobi equalised . boro scored two first half screamers to lead 3 1 through lewis maloney and yanic wildschut before daniel crowley scored on the hour mark .
the network has reportedly greenlit the tell all . lifetime previously did an unauthorized movie on saved by the bell .
tiger woods was joined on the course at augusta national golf club by his young children and girlfriend lindsey vonn . woods has returned to action following a self imposed break from the sport to work on his game and recover from niggling injuries . he is bidding to win the 15th major of his career at this year s masters .
juan arango escaped punishment from the referee for biting jesus zavela . he could face a retrospective punishment for the incident . arango had earlier scored a free kick in his team s 4 3 defeat .
country band lady antebellum s bus caught fire thursday on a texas freeway . a cnn ireporter captured the dramatic scene on video . singer hillary scott shared a pic of the charred bus on instagram .
spartak moscow appealed against sanctions for a racist banner . the russian football union rejected and fined the club 2 , 500 . only women and children are allowed to spartak s next two away games .
marina lyons , 80 , took pet dog rosie for operation to remove her spleen . after successful surgery noticed dark bruising along the dog s back . was told damage was from surgery , but took pet for a second opinion . second vet discovered burns , and had to operate to remove dead skin . warning graphic content .
dortmund value defender mats hummels at 35million . manchester united could take advantage of sea of change at dortmund . jurgen klopp is leaving dortmund and host of stars are expected to follow . man utd also identify ilkay gundogan as replacement for michael carrick . man united fan provides louis van gaal with 300m transfer wish list .
new 2 coin minted to mark the 100th anniversary of gallipoli landing . symbolic red poppy design used with the words lest we forget . one and a half million coins released into circulation over coming weeks . coin part of australian mint s official anzac centenary coin program . mint is one of two in the world which produces colour print on coins .
netflix offers median salary of 180 , 000 . corporate law firm skadden arps came in on top with 182 , 000 median salary for 4 , 500 employees . google , the by far the biggest employer , ranks 13th .
severe storms swept north and central texas sunday evening . at least five tornadoes were spotted some as close as just 25 miles from fort worth . baseball size hail and high winds also battered the region .
kitson fashion brand founder allegedly swore at employees in la store . fraser ross , from aberdeen , faces 1million lawsuit following dispute . firm running his store at la airport want to end their business relationship . stores popular with celebrities including victoria beckham and lady gaga .
simona trasca , 34 , made a joke about cheap boob job on romanian tv . the joke implied that her plastic surgeon must be avoiding tax . surgeon dr marek valcu successfully sued ms trasca for 1 , 500 .
chris smalling scored as manchester united beat rivals manchester city . win sends louis van gaal s side four points clear of the citizens in third . manchester united now sit just one point of arsenal who occupy second . smalling is confident of chasing down both them and leaders chelsea . read five things van gaal has done to transform united s results .
thiago alcantara had n t played for bayern munich since march 2014 . midfielder plays 10 minutes in 1 0 victory against borussia dortmund .
horse and carriage drained the customer s account of 20 , 000 . the live in tailor was demanded to make ski and apres ski outfits . this came at a cost of 1700 for the extremely wealthy skiers . another group of guests asked for two grand pianos to be flown in . demands were made to high end firms haute montagne and bramble ski .
aldi has requested the ability to make employees work more than 38 hours in a submission to workplace relations productivity commission . supermarket giant was slammed by union secretary tony sheldon . he accused aldi of reintroducing serfdom and trying to strip workers of their rights .
jon jones is wanted as a suspect in connection with sunday s accident . a pregnant woman was sent to hospital with non life threatening injuries , according to albuquerque police department spokesman simon drobik . marijuana and a pipe reportedly found in star s car by police . jones would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the 20 something woman if he was found to have caused crash . 27 year old is set to defend his light heavyweight title against anthony johnson in las vegas at ufc 187 next month . click here for all the latest ufc news .
lebron james scored 23 points against his former side on thursday . miami heat s dwayne wade injured his knee as his side lost to cleveland . golden state made it 11 straight wins after harrison barnes late score . houston beat texas rivals dallas thanks to 24 points from james harden .
molly schuyler scarfed down three 72 ounce steaks sunday in amarillo , texas . the sacramento woman , 35 , is a professional on the competitive eating circuit .
javier hernandez scored winner against atletico madrid on wednesday . mexican is on a season long loan at real madrid from manchester united . real will not take up option to buy the striker at the end of the season . hernandez is wanted by a host of premier league and european clubs .
monaco host juventus in the quarter final second leg on wednesday night . the italians hold a slender 1 0 lead from the first leg in turin last week . the squad were put through their paces on tuesday ahead of the clash . dimitar berbatov is confident monaco can progress to the semi final .
border collies ace and holly were caught on camera performing a gravity defying feat together . the two pooches stood up on their hind legs while balancing on their owner and trainer dai aoki . they have appeared in a number of videos showing off their tricks .
the pontiff laments the suffering of people in conflicts currently making headlines . foremost , he asks that bloodshed end in iraq and syria .
jailed millionaire arrested in march for gun and marijuana possession . on thursday , a louisiana state judge threw out the case . lawyers believe he will win federal case with similar charges . durst is also charged with murder in california .
liverpool face aston villa in their fa cup semi final at wembley on sunday . liverpool forwards raheem sterling and jordon ibe were pictured with a shisha pipe earlier this season . neither have been disciplined by reds boss brendan rodgers for incident .
vaccine named rts , s could be available by october , scientists believe . will become the first approved vaccine for the world s deadliest disease . designed for use in children in africa , it can prevent up to half of cases . experts hail extraordinary achievement for british firm that developed it .
the price is right gives away a car . . . accidentally . a model makes a big mistake during a game . host drew carey thought the error was hilarious .
the boa constrictor is on the loose on queensland s gold coast . police released it into the wild because they thought it was a python . snake catcher tony harrison said it was probably imported illegally . fears that if the snake is pregnant up to 30 live young could also be loose .
john carver s newcastle united have lost their last five matches . newcastle are nine points above 18th placed queens park rangers . carver has warned his side that they must start to pick up points .
luis suarez receives a painful knee where it hurts from team mate neymar . south american duo shared a joke in training ahead of champions league . barcelona face paris saint germain at the nou camp on tuesday night . suarez admits he was timid at the thought of playing alongside neymar . read psg coach admits getting past barca is practically impossible .
french league president frederic thiriez did not shake players hands ahead of the league cup final . bastia lost 4 0 to psg thanks to zlatan ibrahimovic and edinson cavani . in 2012 , thiriez did not hand bastia their ligue 2 champions trophy . saturday s win led the parisian club to lift their fifth league cup trophy .
dad barles charkley , based in maryland , shot the video . it shows his daughter watching disney s 1994 hit for the first time . toddler visibly distraught when mufasa is killed and simba left fatherless .
third grade teacher cheryl heineman , 45 , accused of selling narcotics to undercover officer with her 20 year old lover , jack lindsey . couple were arrested wednesday after six week investigation sparked by tip from informant . heineman and lindsey allegedly had been peddling xanax , acid , ecstasy , and various prescription painkillers . veteran teacher is married and has three sons .
temitope adebamiro arrested friday and charged with first degree murder . police called to home in bear , delaware , on thursday and found husband . adeyinka adebamiro stabbed in upper body and wife wore bloody clothes . initially claimed death was a suicide but her story changed several times . suspect told police husband abused her even while she was pregnant . now held without bail at delores j baylor women s correctional institution .
dog pictured surrendering alongside its drug gang owners . police took amusing snap during a drugs bust in south brazil . picture showing gang members and their dog has since gone viral .
labour s shadow chancellor got the right answer after a ten second pause . he said it was always dangerous to answer those sorts of questions . comes after he revealed he did not want to answer maths questions on tv . told susanna reid that the maths brain in his family was his mother in law .
yvonne camargo , of victorville , california , was arrested after she was identified from the video . the cameraman films camargo for more than a minute before she notices . he then asks what she s doing but camargo does not respond . the cameraman said he started filming after seeing the woman pulling this kid by his hair out of a kohl s .
ferrari driver sebastian vettel won the malaysian grand prix on march 29 . mercedes duo lewis hamilton and nico rosberg came second and third . chinese grand prix takes place on april 12 in shanghai .
elena curtin was seven months pregnant during portland , oregon , incident . boyfriend s ex was injecting drugs in her bathroom when she came home . curtin , 23 , was scheduled to go to trial on second degree assault charge . she hit boyfriend s ex on head and arm but prosecutors dropped charge . oregon law allows for physical force against an intruder who wo n t leave . conviction would have resulted in mandatory six year prison sentence .
curacao have advanced to the second qualifying round for 2018 world cup . patrick kluivert s side won 4 3 on aggregate to set up match against cuba . curacao will face cuba in next round on june 8 and 16 .
the former illinois governor has been photographed in prison for the first time since starting his 14 year sentence in 2012 . as a politican he was famed for his boot polish black hair , but nowadays he has let his hair return to its natural white color . blagojevich was infamously caught trying to sell barack obama s u . s . senate seat when he was elected president in 2008 . he continues to await word of a last ditch appeal and teaches the history of war battles to other inmates .
kim jong un dismantled the group of teenagers after his father s death . but now three years of mourning has expired he has demanded they return . group are traditionally private dancers and maids for north korean leaders . the girls are usually married off to top officials once they reach their 20s .
scott turner schofield has landed a role on the popular soap opera the bold and the beautiful . schofield is now the first transgender male to score a major role on a daytime television show . he will make his first appearance on may 8 . schofield is a speaker and author known for his one person shows that address transgender issues .
manny pacquiao ran along griffith park trail as he worked on his fitness . the filipino was accompanied by his pet dog pacman during jog . pacquiao goes toe to toe with floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 . read pacquiao reveals his colourful mouth guard ahead of his bout .
shaheen pirouz from denton , texas , filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards .
sjaak rijke saved by french troops who captured jihadis and killed others . no word on two other men including south african with british citizenship . dutch minister i m happy this terrible period has been brought to an end .
david de gea is yet to extend his contract beyond 2016 . real madrid want the spanish goalkeeper to replace iker casillas . as claim real will wait for contract to run down if they ca n t sign him . carlo ancelotti wants petr cech as a stop gap if he has to wait until 2016 .
baron the german shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california . the pup was professionally trained at the hill country k9 school . to date the clip of baron dishwashing has been watched over 27 , 000 times . many viewers have deemed the dog s cleaning antics cute and adorable .
jay rutland , 34 , is married to 30 year old daughter of bernie ecclestone . his company had total net assets of 3 , 378 last year , down from 18 , 131 . former stockbroker lives with his wife and daughter in 45million house . brigante business developments is management consultancy company .
chase culpepper , 17 , who was born male , regularly wears makeup and androgynous or women s clothing . after passing a driving test last year , she was told by officials at a dmv office in anderson , sc , to remove her makeup because of a policy .
a petition launched on monday demanding samantha armytage apologise for racist remark made last month . presenter was interviewing mixed race twins lucy and maria aylmer on sunrise . during introduction she said good on lucy for getting her dad s fair skin . video of the interview has popped up on social media and sparked change . org petition . a seven spokesperson said the comment was sam taking a dig at herself .
the five year old pooch was filmed at home in pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while sitting on the couch . adding to the comedy , some smooth jazz was dubbed over the final video edit .
nathan hughes accidentally knocked out george north during northampton s 52 30 victory against wasps on march 27 . the wasps no 8 was initially suspended for three matches . hughes missed his side s champions cup defeat against toulon . it was north s third blow to the head in the space of two months . the welsh winger has been advised to take a month off from playing .
chelsea pranksters play practical joke outside the emirates stadium . four masked men replace arsenal sign with blue and white letters . chelsea signing is removed by club staff after just 10 minutes . premier league rivals go head to head at the emirates on sunday . chelsea are currently 10 points clear at premier league s summit .
alix bussey , 23 , from durham was hit by a car and died on mexican holiday . she was visiting resort of riviera maya and said it was the best time ever . family led tributes said alix had lived life to the full and loved to party . her primary school students are said to be devastated by news of her loss .
fulham are planning to swoop for brentford boss mark warburton . owner shahid khan is planning for next season . warburton has led brentford to seventh in the championship .
dramatic rescue led to the mainly burmese nationals being identified . vast majority of them said they were desperate to leave benjina island . some wanted to stay but only to demand their bosses hand over money . men said they were kidnapped or tricked into becoming fisherman slaves .
andre schurrle joined wolfsburg from chelsea in january for 24m . rafa benitez admitted he wanted to sign germany international . ex chelsea and liverpool boss also tracked luiz gustavo ivan perisic . napoli face wolfsburg in europa league quarter finals on thursday .
chase faces prospect of 4 8 match ban after grade e dangerous throw . tackle happened during salford s 18 12 win at huddersfield . rfl s match review panel viewed tackle on ferres as dangerous .
tabitha anne bennett messaged a 14 year old girl on facebook and told her that she would be bringing her daughter to fight the girl . she drove her daughter to the meeting place and emerged with a knife which made the 14 year old girl think she was going to die . she yelled at her daughter to fight the other teenager and pulled the other girl to the ground by her hair . she has been charged with child abuse and assault and battery .
initially , the transport bill included language that protected lgbt users . but senator jason smalley rewrote the bill to allow drivers to discriminate .
britons spend an average of 62 a week on treats , a new study claims . rewards range from bar of chocolate to glass of wine to pair of shoes .
48 per cent of people surveyed said that parking charges should be free . they topped a table of consumers most loathed fees and charges . atm cash withdrawal fees and debit and credit card charges also high up . parking charges and fines made councils in england 667million last year .
while visiting oklahoma city , bill clinton said i m proud of her , in reference to hillary clinton s presidential bid . this is the first comment he s made about his wife s campaign . bill clinton was in oklahoma city to mark the 20th anniversary of the bombing that 168 people including 19 toddlers in federal building . hillary clinton kicked off her campaign in iowa last week and will move on to new hampshire on monday .
justus howell , 17 , was running from scene of an argument on saturday . police chased him down , shot him twice in the back , according to autopsy . he was pronounced dead at the scene in zion , il , at 2pm .
three year old girl was mauled in the face by her family s dog at home . toddler suffered horrific facial injuries and was airlifted to hospital . family heard screams and found dog gripping toddler by her head . they gave permission for the alaskan malamute to be destroyed .
50 foot whale washed up on pacifica state beach in california last week . it was sprayed with name of east bay rats motorcycle club at some point . it is unknown how the whale died and results of an autopsy are pending . witness said whoever did this , stinks more than whale s rotting flesh .
andrew hennells threatened staff in tesco with a knife of february 13 . fifteen minutes before the raid he posted details of his plan on facebook . norfolk crown court judge deems 31 year old high risk to the public .
spinner named as new ambassador for liverpool fan group pak reds . the england star has been called up for last two tests in west indies . pak reds group was founded in 2011 and attained official status in 2013 . it has six different branches across pakistan .
six bedroom brothel in melbourne s fitzroy will go up for auction on may 1 . edwardian style shopfront was owned by wei tang who was jailed for keeping five thai women as sex slaves . property , formerly known as club 417 , comes with a brothel licence . tang was convicted in 2006 for forcing women to work off debts incurred by bringing them from thailand to australia . it stopped operating as a brothel in 2013 and has been vacant ever since .
liverpool beat manchester united 1 0 in the fa cup fifth round in 2006 . alan smith suffered a broken leg and a dislocated ankle during the game . reports claimed liverpool fans attacked the ambulance with smith in .
arsenal are in advanced talks with velez sarsfield over a 4 . 5 million swoop . maxi romero , 16 , has been compared to barcelona star lionel messi . deal has been held up by red tape over the make up of ownership rights . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
dr adrian quarterman has suggested mirrored satellites to collect sunlight . the beams can then be converted into laser light and sent down to earth . the physicist believes it could even make solar power feasible in scotland . but he admits you might need to worry about who is in control of them .
celtic were defeated 3 2 after extra time in the scottish cup semi final . leigh griffiths had a goal bound shot blocked by a clear handball . however , no action was taken against offender josh meekings . the hoops have written the sfa for an understanding of the decision .
the millers fielded on loan farrend rawson in 1 0 win against brighton . derby defender s youth loan extension was n t handled correctly . rotherham now just one point ahead of the championship bottom three .
all police would record anti muslim hate crimes if tories win the election . islamophobic attacks would be separate category , like anti semitic crimes . at present some police forces , including met , record these crimes as such . would create accurate picture of the extent of these hate crimes in britain .
juan mata says his side must look at their next seven games as finals . manchester united comfortably dispatched of aston villa 3 1 on saturday . mata s side are currently third and a point ahead of rivals manchester city . they face their big rivals in a crucial clash at old trafford on april 12 . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
liz the bearded dragon appears to understand the english language . the cheeky reptile nods when asked are you hungry ? . shannen hussein has a number of pets on her hobby farm in melbourne .
amedy coulibaly stormed jewish store before being shot dead by police . hostages including child , 3 , and baby survived by hiding in cold store . lawyer claims broadcasters endangered their lives by revealing location . he said jihadist was following coverage of his raid on different channels .
a group of nevada sex workers , hookers for hillary , have come out in favor of the democratic contender for president . the hookers all work at dennis hof s moonlite bunny ranch , a legal brothel in carson city . the group cite clinton s work on health care reform , foreign experience , tax reform and responsible government oversight on public health issues .
zeke celello was devastated by clinton campaign and burst into tears . zeke , who appears to be around two , insists he would be better candidate . his mother , erin , eventually persuades him to go ahead with the run anyway . policies are unclear , but he d like win the white house to play . . . with toys . unfortunately , u . s . constitution states that presidents must be at least 35 .
this is emma louise connolly s second campaign for ann summers . the erotic bridal range is priced between 14 and 85 . it features cut out bras and a peek a boo thong .
admiral insurance has complained about use of text speak in applications . u r a gr8 company 2 work 4 just one example of the poorly worded forms . welsh assembly asked companies to say why school leavers out of work .
one in five australians admit to shopping in bed with the lights out . 27 per cent confess to sneakily shopping online at work . three to four times a day is the regular amount people surf the shops . embarrassing items purchased online include underwear , personal hygiene and action figures .
renault have promised red bull that they will resolve power unit problems . red bull owner dietrich mateschitz threatened to pull out of f1 . daniil kvyat s red bull and max verstappen toro rosso both suffered a power unit failure at chinese grand prix in shanghai .
martina hingis faces poland s agnieszka radwanksa in the fed cup . saturday s tie will be her first singles match since 2007 . hingis won all five of her grand slam titles by the age of 18 . the now 34 year old retired at the age of 22 in february 2003 citing injuries .
woman leaves explosives laden handbag beside bus during boarding . no group has claimed responsibility , but boko haram is suspected .
islanders have cut six names from squad for first training camp . uncapped duo hope and brathwaite have made 14 man squad . first test against england start in antigua on monday .
jodie taylor fired england into the lead in the opening minute . reading striker fran kirby doubled england s advantage . wang shanshan pulled a goal back for china in the 16th minute .
the critically acclaimed daredevil will be back for season 2 . charlie cox plays a blind attorney by day who is a superhero by night .
real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league on wednesday . quarter final second leg at the santiago bernabeu is tightly poised at 0 0 . real forward gareth bale will miss the clash due to calf injury . read ancelotti has a poor record against simeone . . . but he must advance .
british world dressage champion charlotte dujardin wins at world cup . 29 year old victorious on horse valegro at grand prix in las vegas .
warning graphic content . dias costa , 49 , slashed the face , arms , and necks of the four raiders . the men , armed with guns , had broken into his home in central argentina . raiders were forced to flee in getaway car and they are all in intensive care .
charly was patrolling venice beach with his minders tuesday . somehow a tagger managed to write rbs and an arrow on his flank . the silver paint was easily cleaned off . but police want to find the person responsible and have appealed for help .
mateo musacchio fractured fibula and dislocated ankle during getafe draw . santi cazorla tweeted a lot of best wishes to my friend mateo . arsenal midfielder cazorla and musacchio played together at villarreal .
the post office failed to properly investigate why money went missing . many subpostmasters were sacked , stripped of savings and even jailed . leaked report says discrepancies could have been caused by it systems . former tory mp says post office workers were dragged through the mud .
jose anigo insists marseille fans would have loved to have seen zlatan ibrahimovic at the stade velodrome . anigo compared ibrahimovic to former man united striker eric cantona . cantona played at french outfit marseille between 1988 and 1991 . read man united should sign ibrahimovic , says peter schmeichel .
kim pappas did not tell anybody she was pregnant before giving birth . she gave birth standing up in bathroom at ceva logistics in michigan . cut umbilical cord with cuticle scissors , wrapped baby in plastic bag , put that in a tote bag , then returned to her desk and put it in a drawer . co workers had heard moaning then saw blood on restroom floor . they spotted blood on pappas then found the baby dead in the drawer . she claimed she had a miscarriage but autopsy shows suffocation . pappas faces charges of premeditated murder and child abuse , denied bail .
lennon reportedly partied at suede nightclub in manchester on april 4 . venue packed with hundreds who had come to see trey songz perform . alleged victim says 55 , 000 a week star left her with bruise below her eye . tottenham winger , on loan to everton , interviewed on suspicion of assault . greater manchester police spokesperson said no arrests have been made .
pope francis played key role in re establishing diplomatic ties between cuba and u . s . . contacts with the cuban authorities are still in too early a phase , vatican spokesman says .
charlie adam scored goal of his career in stoke city s defeat to chelsea . adam beat thibaut courtois from all of 65 yards at stamford bridge . courtois scrambled back but was unable to deny the scottish international . adam though was left with mixed feelings as chelsea earned three points .
five men and one woman were arrested at 8am in the port s departure zone . the group , all in their 20s , are currently being questioned at police station . searches taking place at a number of addresses in birmingham , west mids . suspects are not a family group and were not accompanied by children .
john coyne s victim , 25 , woke to find the pub landlord raping him on sofa . detectives seized cctv of coyne attacking drinker but he still denied crime . jailed for 9 years after jury found him guilty of rape and other sex offence . police urge anyone who may have been abused by coyne to come forward .
the bell 525 relentless boasts an 88 square foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom style comfort . the craft , by textron , will make its maiden flight this year and is aimed at the rich offshore oil and gas market . it will cruise at a maximum of 178 miles per hour and with its 2 , 4000 litre fuel capacity fly 575 miles without stopping .
real madrid thrashed granada 9 1 in la liga at home on sunday . for the first time since november real have all seven attacking stars fit . fiorentina host juventus in coppa italia semi final second leg on tuesday .
orange county fire authority paramedic chris trokey was part of a team that saved a driver s life after his car was hit by a truck in 2011 . when he went to the hospital , he learned the man was dr michael shannon the same man who saved his life when he was born weighing 3lbs . the two men reunited this weekend at a fundraising event .
the drone is sparking terrorism concerns , authorities say . it was equipped with a bottle containing radioactive material . it was discovered as a court approved a plan to restart two japanese nuclear reactors .
justin bieber is a good friend of floyd mayweather . bieber revealed in a video that he will walk mayweather into his mega fight . mayweather faces manny pacquiao in the 300million bout in las vegas . bieber has accompanied money mayweather into the ring several times . click here for all the latest floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao news .
skegness featured among picturesque places like windermere and cornwall . lincolnshire town famous for its butlin s attracts over 400 , 000 visitors a year . research revealed 165 , 000 people in england and wales have holiday homes .
manning is serving a 35 year sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents . she says she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets .
18 dead and 5 being treated , nigeria says . locally brewed alcohol is suspected . some patients have died within hours .
kayonna cole holds her female rose hair spider to the camera . the exotic pet owner is bitten numerous times by the tarantula . the video was recorded by kayonna at her home in los angeles .
rickie fowler responded to online troll who abused his girlfriend . bikini model alexis randock had posted a photo on her instagram account . randock was pictured on the beach alongside her sister nicole . a troll called fatalsplash then accused alexis of being a gold digger . fowler told the hater to get your facts straight following comment .
stuart dallas , 23 , was playing for crusaders just three years ago . after a tough start to life at brentford , he was loaned out to northampton . since returning to brentford , he has become a star in promotion push .
vlad tarasov could n t resist filming himself ski down the slopes at boston s largest snow farm located in the city s seaport district . his one minute video gives a first person perspective of pushing through the filthy , trash filled ice pile that served as a dumping ground for the snow . i ve been skiing for 20 years , but never like this , he said about the surreal experience . junk in the filthy snow included rusted lawn chairs , parking cones , broken bottles and even a dead seagull .
arsenal midfielder alex oxlade chamberlain could miss the remainder of the season with a groin injury . he will definitely miss the gunners fa cup semi final with reading . club captain mikel arteta is also on the arsenal injury list . however , jack wilshere looks set to return to the first team squad shortly .
mauricio pochettino returns to st mary s for first time since his departure . the argentine left southampton in order to take up reins at tottenham . pochettino admits he could be jeered on return to former stomping ground .
eight year investigation claims thousands had organs removed in china . banned religious group falun gong is key target , documentary claims . just 37 registered organ donors in china but country has the world s second highest rate of transplants . one surgeon is said to have removed corneas from 2 , 000 living people . chinese government denies allegations claiming donors are volunteers .
scientist fossils once renamed should again be classified as brontosaurus . study took five years and involved visits to 20 museums worldwide .
american eagle flight 2536 was scheduled to fly from dallas fort worth international airport to wichita falls , texas , on sunday night . the plane was nearly a half hour late in taking off . when it got to wichita falls , the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on . the city s aviation director said pilots were notified of the closure and the jet could have landed on an adjacent , 10 , 000 foot runway that was lit .
baroness hale of richmond wants to see bitterness taken out of disputes . the current system means one person must be at fault in a divorce . lady hale suggests year s cooling off after declaring relationship s end . she also wants plans for children and money sorted before divorce is given .
manchester united defeated city 4 2 in the premier league on sunday . wayne rooney has revealed plans to exploit blues work shy midfield . champions are considering selling the likes of yaya toure and samir nasri .
man brought down at pearson international when he did not communicate . tried to board turkish airlines plane after being denied access to the flight . was carrying a case through the security gate which he refused to drop .
argentina international marcelo bosch joined saracens in october 2013 . bosch signs contract extension ahead of champions cup semi finals . bosch s last minute penalty at racing metro sent sarries through .
chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the barclay s premier league table . they face second placed arsenal on sunday , and can open up a huge gap . oscar believes that winning the title can push chelsea to further success . he admits that an in form arsenal will pose a tough test for chelsea . watch chelsea fans storm emirates stadium to play practical joke .
medhi benatia was taken off against bayern leverkusen on wednesday . the bayern munich defender will be out for between two and four weeks . bayern face porto in the champions league on april 15 and april 21 . benatia described his injury as an occupational hazard on twitter .
55 dead greyhound carcasses found dumped in coonar , queensland . a joint rspca and queensland police task force is investigating . early investigations suggest the dogs were young dogs that were killed as they were too slow . they were found in various states of decomposition in an area with no other training facilities or connections to the industry . rspca spokesperson says they believe they may be young dogs that were n t fast enough .
sir bruce said it can be more cruel to do nothing than to let someone die . said he would like the right to be able to chose the timing of his own death . he cared for first wife penny calvert after she was moved into care in 2008 . ms calvert , whom he divorced in 1973 , died in 2014 after battling dementia .
danilo this week agreed to join real madrid in the summer for 23million . transfer will take total raised from player sales to 440m since 2004 . james rodriguez , pepe and radamel falcao among those sold by porto . click here for all the latest real madrid news .
byron schlenker and daughter emily , 14 , are both world record holders . 47 year old from syracuse , new york , has tongue wider than an iphone 6 . is now a celebrity in hometown since winning guinness world record crown .
off duty member of the uniformed division of secret service arrested friday . police said he was charged with trying to break into a woman s residence .
midfielder had been a key performer while james rodriguez was out . but isco lost his place in the team when the colombian returned to fitness . injuries to luka modric and gareth bale saw isco return against atletico .
steve mcclaren says newcastle were interested in him to become their new manager after alan pardew left the club for crystal palace . the former england boss is believed to be on the shortlist for the newcastle job next term . mcclaren is on course to reach the play offs with derby this season .
bills averaged 16 , 900 almost four times the national average of 4 , 363 . people also paid more in windsor , beaconsfield , chesham and amersham . stoke on trent central had the lowest bills at 2 , 100 per year .
luis suarez scored twice in barcelona s 3 1 win over psg on wednesday . uruguay international posed with team mate lionel messi after victory . barcelona have now scored 1 , 001 goals in european competition .
wayne rooney , david de gea and louis van gaal greeted unwell fans . michael carrick and ashley young were also in attendance . the dream day was organised by the manchester united foundation .
no one was injured in the attack on the times square military recruitment station in march 2008 . officials said the explosion may be connected to earlier unsolved bombings at the british and mexican consulates . fbi footage showed the times square suspect placing the bomb and riding away on a bike .
the bodies of two passengers have been found amid wreckage in argyll . small aircraft lost contact with ground control at around 1pm today . investigators believed it may have crashed some 30 miles east of oban .
luis suarez s wife admits that her husband denied biting giorgio chiellini . the barcelona star was given a four month ban following the incident . the shocking bite was caught on television cameras during the world cup . click here to see who suarez will face in the champions league . click here for all the latest barcelona news .
78 , 000 sign petition to demand removal of spikes in leeds city centre . fast food giant says that the spikes are to prevent anti social behaviour .
google maps has a temporary pac man function . google has long been fond of april fools day pranks and games . many people are turning their cities into pac man courses .
the british no 1 attended his second barcelona match in less than a week . barcelona beat psg 2 0 in the champions league quarter final second leg . the 27 year old was at the nou camp with best man ross hutchins . murray is in barcelona with jonas bjorkman training on clay courts .
mauricio pochettino s tottenham travel to st mary s on saturday . pochettino was hugely successful in charge at southampton . and saints midfielder steven davis is confident ahead of the clash .
manuel delisle , the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw , has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on tuesday . karine cyr recorded the confrontation on sunday as she was vacationing with her husband alexandre hermenier and their two children . the family followed delisle because he was driving erratically and when they reached a dead end , delisle allegedly threatened them .
germanwings plane was about to take off when bomb threat was received . pilot was forced to evacuate the plane while police conducted search . sniffer dogs found no evidence of explosives and no one was hurt . threat comes less than a month after germanwings plane was deliberately crashed into mountain in the french alps killing all 150 people on board .
climate sceptic group global warming policy foundation launch inquiry . panel drawn from leading universities includes experts with differing views . will look at whether adjustments made to records cancel each other out . says it hopes people from all areas of climate change will help the panel .
sources have hinted that the duchess real due date is today or tomorrow . the duchess herself has said that her due date is mid to late april . although the 25th is favourite , the palace says no date has been confirmed . prince william is due to be at the cenotaph for anzac day on saturday . prince harry will also be in london this weekend for the london marathon .
principal andrew barr was caught viewing porn at work . a student took a photo of him watching pornography in his office . an investigation was launched after the photo was shared on snapchat . the geelong college principal has now resigned . the college council called his actions a breach of our standards .
probe carried out by powys council in welshpool and llandrindod wells . council needs to issue 40 per cent more parking tickets just to break even . councillors shadowed wardens and found infringements going unticketed .
police say they found the drugs stuffed in an furry easter bunny . cops say they got a tip and intercepted a package headed to a home . they found a pound of meth inside the bunny worth with an estimated street value of 30 , 000 . resident carolyn ross admitted to police she was expecting the package . she s being held on a 75 , 000 bond as the investigation continues .
eric cantona has claimed earlier that javier pastore is best in the world . but pastore believes cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi are better . psg face barcelona in the second leg of their last eight champions league clash in the nou camp on tuesday . . . they trail 3 1 in the tie . read laurent blanc admits getting past barca is practically impossible .
liverpool go to blackburn for fa quarter final replay on wednesday . gary bowyer s recalled john o sullivan from league one barnsley . because the midfielder was on loan for first tie he ca n t play in replay . bowyer s squad have played 13 games in 43 days with a squad of 24 .
peter schmeichel and oliver kahn star in tipico s latest advert . duo square off in a top trump style competition of honours and accolades . pair were involved in the dramatic 1999 champions league final . manchester united came from a goal behind to beat bayern munich 2 1 .
west ham became first premier league club to drop prices since tv deal . manager sam allardyce believes it s the best business done in a long time . the hammers move into the olympic stadium in 2016 .
manchester united signed a 10 year kit deal with adidas last season . united s deal earns them 750million in total with deal beginning next term . adidas replaces nike who had supplied united for the previous 13 years . read manchester united to tour america for just 12 days in pre season . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
ben stiller announces that penelope cruz will join cast of zoolander 2 . zoolander 2 is scheduled for release in 2016 .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2 1 at selhurst park on monday . south london side are 11th in premier league table and look to be safe . alan pardew left newcastle in 10th place when he departed in december . john carver s side have only picked up nine points since . team pardew would be eighth in the table five points behind southampton .
zinedine zidane has revealed his admiration for chelsea s eden hazard . zidane said he likes him more than cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi . hazard is one of the main reasons chelsea will win the league , says zidane .
andy murray appointed amelie mauresmo as his coach last summer . mauresmo is a former wimbledon and australian open singles champion . the 35 year old is also a former world no 1 .
ralph cramer , 70 , and his wife , lynn , 59 , were returning home from the creekside caf at 9 p . m . on sunday when the crash occured . first responders arrived to find they had died from multiple traumatic injuries . the vehicle started to skid at a slight left turn , then went off the road and hit an embankment . the vehicle was a restored 1923 model t ford with new elements .
the finnish military has dropped depth charges on a possible submarine . its navy twice detected a foreign object within helsinki territorial waters . the charges released were warning shots , about the size of hand grenades . experts believe the object is likely to have been a russian submarine .
the amazing moment over 1000 spider crabs formed a migrating pyramid has been caught on camera by an underwater photographer . the creatures were spotted at blairgowrie pier but are fast on the move . the video shows creatures crawling over each other in upward direction . they are expected to start their proper migration at rye pier in a few weeks .
police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son saturday . that same day mother sandra shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden , florida . michael shemansky was going through a difficult divorce and neighbors believe the stress may have caused him to snap .
whalen family s dinner at kfc was interrupted by sounds of a sex scene . gerald and april were with two young children at the oklahoma restaurant . scene from risque show outlander was broadcast on kfc s television set .
sean dyche has been tipped to replace steve mcclaren at derby . burnley boss insists he is enjoying the challenge at turf moor . dyche ca n t understand why arsene wenger gets stick from arsenal fans .
vivid art festival will light up sydney for the seventh year in a row this coming winter . has expanded beyond cbd to the newly erected central park in chippendale and north shore suburb of chatswood . will feature customs house draped in flowers and translucent swings under the harbour bridge . also boasts a forest of eerie white gowns , a glowing bar in martin place and will light up sails of the opera house .
french international vincent duport is out for the rest of the season . winger duport suffered ruptured tendon against hull fc defeat in march . the shoulder injury picked up in the 33 22 defeat requires surgery .
brian klawiter posted a message on his company s facebook page announcing that openly gay people are not welcome at his business . he claims the decision is based on his religious views and michigan does n t currently have laws in place preventing such discrimination . critics have accused him of trying to cash in on the anti gay backlash which netted an indiana pizzeria over 840 , 000 earlier this month . klawiter claims he does n t need the money and has a successful business but at least one manfacturer has asked him to remove its logo from his site .
mary queen of scots washed herself in white wine . ancient indian women used cow dung and urine to boost their beauty . cleopatra bathed in donkey milk to achieve smooth skin .
deputy michael hubbard spotted the woman on a highway overpass . south carolina cop pulled over on the i 16 and tried to talk to her . she tells him just looking for my way out and being at peace . officer then grabs her and drags her away from the ledge . he says give me your hands , you re not going out like this today .
the cause of a gas line explosion in fresno , california , is unknown . two of the injured were undergoing emergency surgery .
homes with waitrose nearby cost 12 more than those not near a branch . study found houses cost 38 , 831 more than homes without the shop . but having budget store like lidl nearby means house could be worth less .
bethanie s heartfelt message to airline and pilots shared on twitter . female writes how she wants to extend a compassionate hand . thanks the pilots for allowing her to travel between spain and england . says that they are the reason i can smile tonight . letter shared on twitter by jai dillon , colleague of pilots who received the handwritten note . emotional message comes a week after germanwings disaster that saw andreas lubitz deliberately crash plane killing 150 people .
man was trapped in stormwater drain in meadowbank in sydney s west . it took an hour to rescue him using ropes and ladders . it s unknown how the man ended up stuck in the two metre deep drain .
poll reveals how britons consume an average of 17 cups of tea each week . almost a third of women turn to tea to make them feel better when unwell . survey of 2 , 000 britons found tea drinking habits increase as we get older .
cara lee fanus died day after being rushed to hospital in churtsey , surrey . medics found bruises all over her body and burn marks on head , court told . mother kirsty lee and lee s ex boyfriend alistair wayne bowen appeared in court today . jointly charged with causing or allowing death of a child and causing or allowing serious physical harm to a child .
bayern munich crowned bundesliga champions for the 25th time . pep guardiola s side beat hertha berlin 1 0 on saturday at allianz arena . wolfsburg fell to 1 0 defeat at borussia monchengladbach on sunday . bayern are also in semi finals of the german cup and champions league .
andrzej fonfara stopped julio cesar chavez jr in nine rounds . carl froch had hoped to fight chavez jr in las vegas in a final swansong . froch has not fought since knocking out george groves at wembley stadium .
a random sample from a michigan store tested positive for listeria monocytogenes . no illnesses caused by the hummus have been reported so far .
rosie the riveter appeared on the cover of the saturday evening post on may 29 , 1943 . mary doyle keefe was a 19 year old telephone operator at the time .
the gofundme campaign has already topped its 75 , 000 goal . justin griner , the dad of success kid , needs a kidney transplant .
original 1959 barbie has been reproduced and goes back on sale april 11 . myer have teamed up with mattel to re release the iconic doll in australia . the first 500 dolls will be sold for the original 1959 price of 3 . 00 . the dolls will be sold for 34 . 95 after the promotional priced ones are gone . promotion is at sydney , melbourne , brisbane , perth , adelaide city stores .
men were in canada playing a hockey tournament with canadian forces . alleged sex attack took place at military base in nova scotia . sailors are being held and are due back in court on monday .
sulforaphane known to block inflammation and damage to the cartilage . people would have to eat several pounds daily to derive significant benefit . drug company evgen pharma has developed synthetic version of chemical .
nicola sturgeon alleged to have made comments to french ambassador . sir jeremy heywood ordered probe after she dismissed memo as untrue .
new england patriots beat seattle seahawks 28 24 to win super bowl xlix . patriots visited the white house on thursday to meet president obama . tom brady was nowhere to be seen , citing family commitments as reason . february s super bowl victory was brady s fourth in a glittering career .
three million condoms seized in shanghai , thought to be worth 1 . 3 m . tests found they contained toxic metals that could be danger to health . police uncovered a large network operating across eight provinces . officers said lubricating oil used at one workshop made them feel sick .
farmer from eastern china confesses he s puzzled by the newborn kid . the 20 day old goat was born with four fore legs and two hind legs . owner says unusual animal has an extraordinary appetite and is playful . extra legs wo n t be removed as farmer wants kid to grow up naturally .
river plate admit they dream of manchester united striker radamel falcao . the colombia international spent eight years with the argentine club . falcao has managed just four goals in 19 premier league appearances . read falcao still has faith that he could continue at man utd next season . click here for the latest manchester united news .
rafael benitez has dismissed speculation linking him to manchester city . the former chelsea and liverpool manager is being touted as a potential successor for under pressure city boss manuel pellegrini . benitez insists he is fully focused on his job at napoli . he won the coppa italia last season and has led napoli to brink of the europa league semi finals this term .
woman drove red peugeot towards southend on london bound stretch . several cars crashed as she drove wrong way on a13 . man was left with neck and back injuries after swerving out of the way . incident closed busy stretch for more than an hour causing big tailbacks .
reports claim that edinson cavani and zlatan ibrahimovic do not get on . uruguay striker says he and ibrahimovic have a respectful relationship . but former napoli striker cavani admits the pair are not close friends . cavani does , however , take issue with being played out of position .
new broadcasting house in central london took a decade to build . it was opened by the queen in 2013 at least 55million over budget . but the bbc has now admitted it occasionally runs out of meeting rooms .
anna and indi have been surfing since they were about 10 weeks old . their best result to date is a runners up medal won by indi . indi has been trained to lift her paw to hang five while surfing .
ankit keshri , 20 , regained consciousness after colliding with team mate . however , he died three days later in hospital after suffering cardiac arrest . sachin tendulkar is one of several stars to give his condolences . tragedy comes five months after australia batsman phillip hughes died .
torpedo moscow fans displayed a nazi banner during sunday s game . russian club been ordered to play two home games behind closed doors . the latest punishment is torpedo s fourth relating to racism this season . they are already playing their next two home games in an empty stadium . after supporters aimed monkey chants at zenit st petersburg forward hulk . sunday s game against arsenal tula was also marred by violence . only women and children under 13 can attend their next three away games .
australian foreign minister says deal is to focus on tracking citizens who join isis . but one lawmaker describes it as dancing with the devil .
400 extra officers drafted in by the british transport police this weekend . rivals manchester united , liverpool and leeds will all be in london . united face chelsea and leeds travel to charlton athletic on saturday . liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi final at wembley stadium .
john mccallum has apologized for the death of francesca weatherhead . he was fleeing police when he ran a red light and crashed into her vehicle . mrs weatherhead , a newlywed 25 year old , was killed in the collision . it was later revealed mccallum was a recent parolee with a long rap sheet . he apologized in court after he was sentenced to at least 20 years jail .
shannon hamilton was arrested on sunday attempting to build a barricade on a bridge in georgia where his 16 year old daughter had died . cecily and her friend taylor swing died just three weeks ago after their vehicle plunged off the bridge and into the river . hamilton , who had grown fustrated waiting for the local authorites to act , has been charged with interference with government property . white county commissioners have approved a motion to add guardrails , but there is no exact timetable for when construction will begin .
dale and debra krein sued their neighbors in oregon over the noise . they claim the tibetan mastiffs have barked unnecessarily since 2002 . a jury has ruled in their favor , ordered the dogs to be debarked .
talksport commentator stan collymore grew up supporting aston villa . covering villa s 3 3 draw with qpr on tuesday , he could not hide his delight when christian benteke scored . he was pictured leaping from his seat in the villa park press box .
roger is an alpha male at the alice springs kangaroo sanctuary in the nt . he was gifted the new stuffed toy bunny by a fan and grew attached to it . manager chris barnes said he tried to take it off roger and was attacked . mr barnes adopted kangaroo after finding its mother dead on a highway .
west ham s poor 2015 form has led to rumours sam allardyce could exit . but allardyce has already led west ham past last season s points total . allardyce is planning for next year but unsure if he will be at west ham .
real madrid wanted to sign french winger franck ribery in 2009 . ribery had fallen out with then bayern munich coach louis van gaal . he was convinced to stay as club told him he could be as important to them as lionel messi was to barcelona .
chelsea had three appeals for penalties turned down in first half . cesc fabregas was wrongly booked for diving , but no penalty was right . oscar should have been given a penalty for foul by david ospina .
brooke geherman posted video of her son , kowen on youtube . young boy , from alberta , canada , cradles his deceased goldfish , top . kowen performs funeral by flushing goldfish before bursting into tears .
a melbourne based conservationist couple launched a crowd funding page . within two days they received a 2 billion pledge which later disappeared . the site cancelled the pledge because it was deemed suspicious . the baffled couple still have n t tracked down the would be benefactor .
james wilson reveals what he would take from each man united striker . the 19 year old would take wayne rooney s free kick taking ability . wilson would like to add robin van persie s movement to his own game . while he would like to harness radamel falcao s predatory instincts . man utd sacked moyes one year ago . . . what has van gaal changed since ? . read manchester united gareth bale to give his side needed dynamism .
cast will become filming in london , france and bahamas in the autumn . saunders spurred on to write script after 10 , 000 bet with dawn french . 56 year old , who plays edina , said joanna lumley wanted to do it before we die .
the nypd detective has been accused of shouting abuse at an uber driver . patrick cherry of the joint terrorism task force is now under investigation . detective cherry was on his way back from visiting a colleague in hospital . the uber driver honked det cherry as he reversed into a parking space .
australian study found women spend 40 of online time on facebook . college students aged 17 to 25 said they read magazines infrequently . preferred facebook to compare looks and check appearances over time .
body of jose alberto , 58 , discovered at home in argentina by neighbours . they reported smell coming from his house in city of san jose de balcare . was found lying next to scarecrow wearing lipstick and long haired wig . prosecutor working on assumption he died during sex with the scarecrow .
former edl organiser gary field was spotted at a ukip event in kent . mr field was tagged after he was convicted in 2013 for an assault . one labour canvasser said that mr field sprayed her with deodorant . mr field said he did spray her but claimed the incident was just banter .
all u . s . consulate personnel safe after blast , state department spokeswoman says . suicide bombers blow up car near the u . s . consulate in irbil , iraq .
fans were asked to unite against cancer by donning a football shirt . it is in support of the bobby moore fund for cancer research uk . moore died from bowel and liver cancer on february 4 , 1993 .
canadian policeman luke watson had his hair dyed as part of the day of pink event to fight against bullying in schools . the event was started after two students stopped bullies from harassing a gay classmate in nova scotia .
aaron murphy scored twice as huddersfield ended three match losing run . former wakefield wildcats star has now scored six tries in his last five . murphy went over in the left corner on 15 minutes from jake connor s pass . he was then on hand when ukuma ta ai off loaded kick from danny brough .
rbs has racked up 50billion in losses since it was bailed out by taxpayers . state back giant warned that it faces another tough year to come . lurched to a 446million loss for the first three months of the year .
ricardo moniz has six games to save notts county from relegation . the magpies are in the league one drop zone , one point from safety . notts county sacked shaun derry as permanent boss on march 23 . the club have confirmed that dave kevan will be moniz s assistant .
aljaz bedene lost 6 1 , 6 4 to jiri vesely at the grand prix hassan ii . the world no 99 switched allegiance from slovenia to great britain . second seed martin klizan saw off nicolas almagro 6 4 7 6 .
chelsea are considering a pre season tour to japan this summer . if it goes ahead , the 12 , 000 mile round trip would likely last for two weeks . but international bosses will require chelsea players in june .
the united nations relief and works agency chief will visit yarmouk camp saturday . pierre kr henb hl will assess the humanitarian situation there . yarmouk has been engulfed in fighting since december 2012 .
belt was unveiled by world boxing council president mauricio sulaiman . he was joined by larry holmes and adonis stevenson in mexico city . it will be awarded to winner of floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao . creation contains diamonds and gold and is worth over 1million .
details of the death of dante gabriel rossetti s muse finally unmasked . biographer kirsty stonell walker located her grave using medical records . they revealed she died penniless , suffering from dementia in an asylum . she was the muse and model for some of rossetti s best known works .
manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather meed at mgm grand on may 2 . american s sparring partner jeremy nichols impersonated the filipino during a mock interview shared on youtube . j flash made fun of pacquiao s accent , singing , faith and claims his mother uses voodoo chants to help her son . mayweather vs pacquiao the ultimate tale of the tape for 300m fight . mayweather pacquiao is 11 days away . . . why are there no tickets on sale ? .
gloucester beat exeter 30 19 to book their place in the challenge cup final . the cherry and whites will face edinburgh at twickenham stoop on may 1 . jonny may was overlooked for the last three rounds of the rbs 6 nations .
jeffrey dahmer s killer tells new york post he did it because of the convict s creepy practical jokes . dahmer s former minister tells the paper he d say to guard , i bite .
the tiny garden gnome is signed by all four members of the iconic band . it appeared with celebrities and world figures on 1967 sgt peppers artwork . it was given to an assistant photographer following the shoot for the cover . the cardboard garden ornament has been valued at 17 , 000 by us experts .
film crew was following deputies chase horse thief in california desert . man falls off his horse , two deputies stun him with their tasers . they then kick him in groin and head repeatedly before others join them . in total , eight deputies surround the man kicking him for two minutes . san bernardino county sheriff has called for investigation into the incident .
terri hernandez is opening up about the bond she shared with ursula lloyd during her son s murder trial . aaron hernandez was convicted of killing odin lloyd on tuesday and sentenced to life in prison without parole . i smiled at her after the verdict and just nodded my head , said hernendez of her interaction with lloyd at the trial . lloyd refused to comment on the story , saying she no longer wished to speak about her son s murder .
rubi light has been confirmed as a definite runner for the grand national . grade one winner had the option of running in the shorter topham chase . rubi light schooled over some aintree style fences on saturday afternoon . hennessy s horse is one of eight irish trained horses targeting the race .
parents wanted for questioning after girl s body found at home . north las vegas police 3 year old had been dead for at least a few weeks . 17 year old sibling is held in case .
bayern munich face bayer leverkusen in the german cup quarter finals . pep guardiola has just 16 fit players to pick from on wednesday night . bastian schweinsteiger , arjen robben and franck ribery all ruled out . guardiola believes jerome boateng is one of the world s best defenders .
liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet was dropped in december . but the belgian quickly made his return after brad jones was injured . mignolet has been in impressive form since his return for the reds . read liverpool want fiorentina goalkeeper neto . . . but face competition from psg , according to the brazilian s agent . click here for the latest liverpool news .
southampton manager ronald koeman wants to stay on at st mary s . dutchman says he would even turn down real madrid and barcelona . southampton face former manager mauricio pochettino on saturday . the ex saints boss quit in the summer to take charge of tottenham .
passenger jet at ben gurion airport in israel grounded by fire . six passengers filmed leaping onto tarmac to avoid being burnt . incident was declared a state of emergency level 3 the most serious .
woman performed stunt at a birthday party in sichuan province . she initially holds two people with her legs and twirls them . she then lifts four people who cling onto the wooden plank .
manchester united take on manchester city on sunday . match will begin at 4pm local time at united s old trafford home . police have no objections to kick off being so late in the afternoon . last late afternoon weekend kick off in the manchester derby saw 34 fans arrested at wembley in 2011 fa cup semi final .
tiny chihuahua digby was abandoned on the street next to a set of bins . he was taken to rspca rescue centre where he met new best friend nero . the 9st mastiff is 120 times the size and eats his pal s weight in pet food . digby , who was perilously close to death , has taken on a new lease of life .
firearm licence holders grew from 177 , 675 to 215 , 462 in the last five years . tamworth has the most at 3259 , with bathurst a close second at 3075 . however there has not been a related increase in gun related crime . detective superintendent mick plotecki said u . s . s popular national gun laws and their influence through pop culture , is likely reason for increase .
citizen captured sandstorm sweeping its way through part of the state . sandstorm caused delays to flights and forced schools to shut . car crashes and respiratory problems were also reported last week . strong winds were behind large sand clouds obscuring dubai s skyline .
real madrid host atletico madrid in the champions league quarter finals . the two sides drew 0 0 in the first leg at the vicente calderon last week . real have not beaten atletico since last season s champions league final . diego simeone s men have won four of their seven meetings this season .
kite s total length is 6km 3 . 7 miles and is made of 2 , 000 sections . but only half was allowed to fly after concerns from air traffic control . appalling weather conditions meant visibility at kite flying festival in chongqing was down to 50 metres at times .
judge issued european arrest warrant for colin shearing , of chichester . shearing , published as colin king , was convicted of indecent assault . he was released on bail and given a week to put personal matters in order . sentenced to three years in jail in his absence and faces additional sentence for absconding .
police say baby had breathing problems and died yesterday afternoon . her father , 25 , and her mother , 22 , arrested in perry barr , birmingham .
iraq veteran stan cole filmed swirling wall of wind in loraine , west texas . vortex was gulping up dust and hurling chunks of mud around fields . landspout is technical term of a tornado not attached to a thunderstorm .
highly rated striker obbi oulare attracting attention from around europe . manchester united and borussia dortmund among sides scouting oulare . the 19 year old found the net as brugge extended lead at top of league .
laura robson has not played since january 2014 due to a wrist problem . she has had surgery and is now reportedly eyeing a french open return . robson took time out to enjoy some country music at tortuga festival .
unidentified 18 year old told by guards in arizona jail to go back to his cell . inmate at phoenix facility punched two officers , knocking them out . young man eventually subdued , though four taser shots did n t work . scott beaty , 44 , in intensive care with broken facial bones and brain bleed .
manchester city fans see prices of some tickets rise from 885 to 1 , 750 . club says those tickets now come as part of a different package . city have reviewed stadium pricing following a 6 , 000 seat extension . cheapest etihad season tickets cost just 299 .
luiz adriano scored nine times for shakhtar donetsk in europe this season . the brazilian is out of contract at the end of the year . . . both arsenal and liverpool are interested in signing the 27 year old . cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi have netted eight goals this season . real madrid and barcelona both in the champions league semi finals . read our reporters have their say on who will win the champions league . click here for sportsmail s guide to the champions league final four .
zhou yongkang most senior politician to face court since mao s widow . he is the highest level official charged in anti corruption campaign . destroys any chance him rivalling the party leadership .
mamadou sakho tweeted a picture on his way to paris with steven gerrard . the pair are heading out on behalf of the mamadou sakho association . sakho played 90 minutes as liverpool lost 4 1 to arsenal on saturday .
an ebay listing posted friday showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of hernandez and identifying information including height and weight . the listing claiming id was from soffolk county jail was deleted saturday . no bids had been put on the listing , which had a starting price of 500 . hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the june 2013 shooting death of odin lloyd .
whitney fetters turned herself into cops in february after it emerged she had exchanged x rated photos and videos with the student . on wednesday , she was charged with soliciting sex with a minor for inviting the boy over to stay the night so they could have sex . but the plans were scuppered when the school learned of their relationship . fetters allegedly began texting the boy when he was just 12 .
charlie adam scored brilliant long range goal against chelsea on saturday . the scot scored a similar effort for blackpool reserves in 2009 . the goal was captured on video by blackpool s tangerine tv .
bayern munich won 1 0 in dortmund in the bundesliga on saturday . a bundesliga , cahmpions league and german cup treble is on for bayern . pep guardiola s side face bayer leverkusen in the cup quarter final . manuel neuer looking for bayern to build momentum in cup on wednesday .
andros townsend an 83rd minute sub in tottenham s draw with burnley . he was unable to find a winner as the game ended without a goal . townsend had clashed with paul merson last week over england call up .
scott mayhew was working on his car when it fell off its jack crushing him . wife nicole was at work when she felt a funny feeling husband needed her . rushed home to find mr mayhew in a great deal of pain under the vehicle . she believes it was divine intervention that told her to return and save him .
women competed on same course as men and on same day for first time . the women s race has been held since 1927 further up river at henley . oxford university women s rowing team beat cambridge on historic day . and male colleagues won for the third time running in the 161st race .
real madrid thrashed granada 9 1 in la liga at the weekend . cristiano ronaldo scored five to take his league tally to 36 for the season . real travel to rayo vallecano in a madrid derby on wednesday night . juventus won 3 0 at fiorentina to reach the coppa italia final on tuesday .
the scantily clad strippers danced around the casket at mr jian s funeral . dancers were booked by deceased s wife as a final gift to her husband . tradition for exotic dancers at funerals began is linked to taiwanese mafia .
hull city are interested in signing queens park rangers nedum onuoha . everton and west ham united are also keen on the versatile defender . qpr are in talks with catania over a deal to sign defender nicolas spolli . hull also have their eye on west brom attacker victor anichebe .
machines are used around the world for sorting luggage onto conveyors . video shows swift and powerful mechanical arm separating suitcases . similar to the parallel pusher developed by leading dutch company .
prince harry pays his respects at the tomb of the unknown australian soldier . he is starting a four week attachment with the australian military .
the burmese capital was moved from yangon rangoon to naypyidaw , inexplicably , about a decade ago . despite multi million dollar efforts to build up the city , foreigners are not keen to visit and locals refuse to relocate . the official numbers reveal a population of 924 , 000 , but rarely have people been photographed walking outside .
geoff barrow said streaming services and record labels give music away . added that young talents were being given a raw deal by companies . artists have long complained of low royalties paid by likes of spotify . taylor swift recently pulled all of her music off of the site in protest .
tony degrafreed , of indianapolis , indiana , has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife rebecca degrafreed , 47 , last july . the victim had married degrafreed in 2006 after he was released from prison for shooting dead his first wife in 1994 .
pedro has only started 12 league games for barcelona this season . the spain forward has been linked with a move away from the club . pedro says talk of a move is logical when a player is not featuring . the 27 year old admits it is difficult but he is relaxed about his future . click here for the latest barcelona news .
renner showed off his vocal skills . he sang an ed sheeran hit .
tim sherwood took time to reply to aston villa fan charlie pye . the 6 year old applied for the villa job when paul lambert was sacked . the youngster wanted his mum and dad to be assistant managers . sherwood admitted that he just pipped pye to the post for the hotseat . click here for all the latest aston villa news .
show will return with a one hour special , followed by spinoff , star john stamos says . he announced the show monday night on jimmy kimmel live .
bus carrying 40 players and staff back from away game was attacked . fenerbahce want turkish championship halted while matter is resolved . the bus driver was wounded in the attack and taken to hospital .
colin turnbull was caught having sex in a classroom at a catholic school . teacher and model lover were walked in on by private school s governor . he has been told to never return to the 13 , 000 a year birmingham school . priory school was packed with pupils and parents for entrance exam day .
elijah cook was found to be profoundly death in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his shortly after his birth in january . the mothers and fathers of both his parents , ahavah and jason cook , of andova , minnesota , were all deaf , so doctors decided to press ahead . last month they fitted elijah with a set of hearing aids . the moment he responded to his mom s voice for the first time was caught on video , with elijah clearly responding .
reanne evans is bidding to make snooker history . she is three matches away from reaching the world championship . no woman has ever played in the finals at the crucible . evans s first qualifier is against 1997 world champion ken doherty .
demetric nelson , 27 , broke into a 53 year old woman s home and demanded money , deputies said . he allegedly told the woman to take him to another home , where he ordered her to get in the trunk of her car . nelson could n t drive the car because of the manual transmission , however , and the woman used the emergency trunk latch to escape , authorities said .
man city currently occupy final champions league place . liverpool are four points behind city with six matches to go this season . read pep guardiola would demand stability at man city . read man city planning mega bid to sign liverpool star sterling . read martin samuel s column on masters champion jordan spieth here .
scar booth allows users to superimpose cuts and bruises onto their selfies . app boasts that your friends will think you ve suffered a painful beating . anti violence charities have slammed it for making a mockery of abuse .
louis smith decided to focus on media career following london 2012 . gymnast smith competed for england at last year s commonwealth games . max whitlock and kristian thomas also been included in six man squad .
william paul was revving his engine while sitting alone in the truck sunday when passersby alerted authorities in lexington , kentucky . paul failed field sobriety tests before being taken to a hospital for facial injuries authorities say suspects in that situation are not arrested . paul had two previous alcohol related run ins with the law before turning 21 in 2013 . the 22 year old is a senior studying communications at the university of kentucky .
de blasio , clinton s campaign manager during her 2000 senate run , said on sunday he will not give up endorsement until he sees a vision from her . he also said that americans are demanding candidates to have a plan for addressing out of control income inequality in the country . plan should include increases in wages and benefits and willingness to tax the wealthy . de blasio said clinton is one of the most qualified people to ever run .
don mclean s american pie lyrics auctioned for 1 . 2 million . the song is dense with symbolism mclean says lyrics , notes will reveal meaning . pie is mclean s biggest hit , was no . 1 in 1972 .
french artist vincent lamouroux unveiled the motel s new look yesterday . used environmentally friendly limewash to create effect of bedazzlement . seedy building known as bates motel for likeness to the motel in psycho . mr lamouroux said new look can represent blank screen for our desires .
a wisconsin pizzeria is harassed by people confusing it with one in indiana . owners of memories gourmet pizza co . have gotten angry calls , facebook posts . memories pizza of walkerton , indiana , made headlines amid religious freedom debate .
us network hbo has pledged to cut off aussies who access their shows . hbo has warned users via email they will deactivate accounts on april 21 . the service offers popular tv shows including games of thrones and girls . hundreds who use getflix , unlock . us or unotelly will be affected .
darren bent currently on loan at derby county from aston villa . former england striker was frozen out at villa under paul lambert . bent now says he could be back next season having had discussions . bent worked with manager tim sherwood at tottenham .
amanda lukoff , from arlington , virginia , teamed up with her husband danny egan for their film the r word . she was inspired by her older sister gabrielle , who was born with down syndrome . the documentary is in pre production until she raises 200 , 000 for its creation . scrubs actor john c . mcginley and glee actress lauren potter , who has down syndrome , are among the films cast members .
cockpit and front half of the white fuselage are painted with blue panels . the words star wars , in the movie s distinctive font , adorn the body . designed in anticipation of the latest scheduled offering , star wars the force awakens in december .
nathaniel clyne has been in impressive form for southampton this season . full back has been linked with a move to manchester united this summer . clyne admits he is ambitious and wants to play in the champions league .
ferrari made 599 of the cars which are their fastest ever road going model . owners had to be invited by ferrari to buy the limited edition model . roberto cinti unleashed the car s 671bhp v12 engine instead of the brake . the car ploughed through the front of a shop causing extensive damage .
teachers are helping pupils cheat by giving advice during exams . whistleblowers reveal teachers also bump up marks and write coursework . ofqual found that one in five reported colleagues had bent the rules .
jodi arias is sentenced to life in prison with no possibility for parole . arias expressed remorse for her actions .
roberto martinez will hold end of season future talks with kevin mirallas . mirallas has made no secret of his champions league playing ambitions . martinez also confirmed he wants to keep aaron lennon at goodison park . lennon is currently on loan at everton from rivals tottenham hotspur .
the teacher was teaching the fifth grade at hawthorne elementary in albuquerque , new mexico . some students were so distressed by what they heard they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher . the teacher is on paid leave while the public school district and police investigate .
family seen riding through streets of san miguel de tucuman , argentina . police tracing two adults and four children who were not wearing helmets . family s actions condemned on social media sites after picture put online .
olympic champion charlotte dujardin remains world s leading dressage rider after vegas contest . swiss olympic showjumping champion steve guerdat finally wins world cup jumping title at 10th attempt .
jet set candy s marry british royalty spinner charm comes in 14k gold vermeil and sterling silver and retails for 198 and 148 , respectively .
designed for use on light tactical vehicles such as the humvee . initial trials with low power lasers have already taken place . the 30kw system is expected to be ready for field testing in 2016 .
tim visser has agreed to join harlequins next season . edinburgh one win away from european challenge cup final at the stoop . and visser wants to crown his time with the club before he leaves .
the shop in mecca , saudi arabia , will stock islamically approved products . set to be opened by moroccan owner of a dutch sex shop called el asira . abdelaziz aouragh claims that a saudi cleric has approved the proposal .
samuel tushingham , 26 , pulled his girlfriend by the hair and kicked her . judge bridget knight says he is almost too dangerous to send to prison . thug is given a suspended sentence and told to go on relationship course .
a small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of le borgne , west of cap haitien wednesday . it got caught in bad weather on its way to turks and caicos .
durst , 71 , was arrested in new orleans hotel room day before hbo finale . police found revolver , marijuana , 42 , 000 cash , latex mask in the room . he is waiting to be extradited for murder trial in california where he is accused of killing his longtime friend susan berman in 2000 . durst dozed off in courtroom as shouting match erupted between his lawyers and the judge because no witnesses turned up . two fbi agents and a state trooper allegedly ignored court subpoena . durst attorney claims there was not a legitimate search warrant .
school print shop operator ron lane was killed , college president says . the man believed to be the gunman is identified as former student kenneth stancil . the two knew each other , authorities say .
thomaz alckmin , son of city governor geraldo alckmin , said to have died . he was on board when aircraft crashed in carapicuiba area of sao paulo . house was apparently empty of people and said to have been unfinished . three mechanics also thought to have died in crash at 5 . 20 pm yesterday .
lydia ko shot her second straight over par round in the ana inspiration . new zealander ko shot a 2 over 74 on saturday in disappointing round . ko made an 8 foot birdie putt on the par 5 hole to keep long streak going . she has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events .
ander herrera joined manchester united from athletic bilbao last summer . 29m summer signing has scored seven goals in all competitions so far . herrera scored twice as united beat aston villa 3 1 on saturday . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
tim sherwood took time to reply to aston villa fan charlie pye . the six year old applied for the villa job when paul lambert was sacked . aston villa face liverpool at wembley on sunday .
pilot program allows students at one of sydney s most prestigious schools to bypass the higher school certificate and attend sydney university . successful completion of the 17 week guarantees scot s college students a place in a number of undergraduate courses , including law . state education minister adrian piccoli has called this shortcut unfair . tuition , sporting and curriculum related fees at the college reportedly topped 30 , 000 per year in 2013 . opposition minister luke foley concerned this will impact success of hsc . education should be open to all , not just those who can afford it , national union of students spokeswoman tells daily mail australia .
the 99 . 7 per cent accurate biosure hiv self test enables people to test themselves when and where they like . an estimated 26 , 000 people in the uk have hiv but are unaware of it . treatments available mean hiv is now a manageable disease .
lewis hamilton enjoyed a jet surf session having won the bahrain gp . the 30 year old shared an image of himself on the water on tuesday . jenson button has been training for sunday s london marathon . the 35 year old shared an image of himself training in hyde park .
ruth davison , of the national housing federation , is a critic of tory plan . she bought islington house for 440 , 000 in 2005 , now worth 1million . anti right to buy ms davison , is also a member of her local labour party .
thousands of newcastle fans chose to boycott the tottenham game . protests took place outside the stadium with posters and banners . the supporters are angry at mike ashley s way of running the club . sunderland fans fly a banner to mock newcastle after the recent derby . click here for all the latest newcastle news .
austin west , 4 , slipped and fell into backyard pool in north carolina april 6 . several fake fundraisers sprang up after austin s death to collect money . the bogus gofundme pages created in austin s name have since been removed .
jose mourinho is backing eden hazard for player of the year awards . the chelsea boss says that it should n t even be a debate . mourinho believes other candidates like harry kane are not worthy . chelsea defender wallace , meanwhile , has been arrested . wallace is on loan at vitesse and was involved in a nightclub incident .
the animation was the work of joe penna and jeff schweikart . penna , aka mysteryguitarman , was assisted by three people . project took the group between three to four days to complete . video features a robot finding love of his life on another planet .
arrests made sunday after investigation into youths traveling to join isis . details are scarce but authorities said there is no threat to public safety . three men arrested in the twin cities were already known to authorities . reportedly rode bus to nyc with hamza ahmed and tried flying to istanbul . 19 year old charged with lying to fbi and trying to provide support to isis . the us attorney s office and the fbi will hold a news conference monday .
american youtube user kentuckyfriedidiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle . to date the clip has been watched more than 190 , 000 times .
a zookeeper at the zoological center in tel aviv recorded the footage . he placed a gopro at the bottom of the animal s respective water troughs . the final footage was cut down to four minutes from total of 30 hours . zookeeper said it offers a completely unique perspective to the animals .
boy named shiva was found in possession of stolen stationary items . teacher reported him to school s headmaster for a formal investigation . lalit verma reportedly launched in to a furious assault on the young boy . shiva later complained of a bad stomach ache and started vomiting blood . ambulance was called but the 11 year old died before reaching a hospital .
dejan lovren was left out of liverpool s 4 1 defeat to arsenal . lovren could return for viral fa cup quarter final replay on wednesday . brendan rodgers is considering replacing kolo toure with lovren . read sterling would only be earning the same as balotelli if he signed new 100 , 000 a week deal at liverpool . . . and that s the real issue here . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
cars parked at ricahrd dunn sports centre near odsal were vandalised . bradford are appealing for witnesses and working with police . stadium manager mark leadbeater says club will leave no stone unturned .
the organizers of the protest at mcguffey high school encouraged anyone who shared their bigoted stance to show support by wearing a flannel shirt . the event was held last thursday and students report that openly gay pupils were also physically bullied . a number of the anti gay protesters proudly shared photos of them wearing flannel shirts on social media platforms such as instagram . thursday s event appeared to be a reaction to a day of silence events for bullied lbgt students held the previous day .
the armed robbery took place at a service station in watervale on monday . a man dressed in female clothing strolled into the store at 7 . 30 pm . he walked to the counter and produced a fake machine gun from a bag . staff member handed over the cash which the robber placed in the bag . other customers were in the store , however no one was injured .
matthew weathers tricked his class at biola university in california . pretends to be embarrassed by help video recorded back to front . suddenly begins arguing with his virtual self on the video screen . a virtual fight ensues before rogue teacher steals the id of real one .
bayern munich beat porto 6 1 in the champions league on tuesday . pep guardiola s team have now scored 115 goals this season . robert lewandowski scored twice and is their top marksman . hamburg are bayern s favourite opposition with 11 strikes against them .
chelsea win barclays premier league and reach champions league . bounemouth promoted to premier league for first time in their history . watford make first return to top flight since 2007 . bristol city crowned league one champions with two games to play . burton albion promoted from league two with shrewsbury . tranmere rovers and cheltenham town relegated from league two . barnet win conference to earn promotion back to football league .
serafim todorov beat floyd mayweather at 1996 olympic games . bulgarian won by one point in featherweight semi finals in atlanta . todorov now lives in an apartment in bulgaria on 370 a month handout . mayweather preparing for 300m mega fight against manny pacquiao .
gareth southgate led a team to fourth in the toulon tournament last may . aidy boothroyd will take charge this year for the competition . liverpool youngster jordon ibe could be one of the players involved .
the captain claimed that the co pilot assaulted him , indian media reported . air india insists the pair had an argument and there was no violence . incident occurred shortly before the plane flew from delhi to jaipur . reports suggest the co pilot has faced similar accusations in the past .
tottenham manager wants to speak to fa over harry kane s involvement in the u21 european championships . spurs striker is available despite breaking into england senior squad . kane and spurs will travel to australia and malaysia for post season tour .
laura wells is a successful plus sized model who has worked in new york . she revealed agents tell models to eat a biscuit a day before fashion week . wells also revealed the first time she was approached by talent scouts . they asked the australian beauty if she wanted to be a plus sized model . wells said she felt like she wanted to punch them in the face for asking her . her misconceptions about plus sized models led her to think she was being called fat .
man united beat man city 1 0 in saturday s under 18 encounter . callum gribbin scored the winning goal at moss lane , altrincham . the result leaves united two points behind leaders middlesbrough . the real manchester derby takes place at old trafford on sunday .
gary neville has backed manuel pellegrini despite dismal run of form . pellegrini is under fire following city s recent performances in the league . premier league holders sit fourth , 12 points adrift of chelsea . but neville insists pellegrini should be given time to turn things around .
evacuation orders were lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of norco and corona . officials said about 25 per cent of the flames were contained by middway . cooler overnight temperatures and low winds allowed fire crews to attack the blaze , though on the ground conditions did not make that fight easy .
ryan burns of eureka , california , said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from and caught the pooch in action . youtube user , flying humboldt , has stepped forward as the dog s owner . the 15 year old said he was with his mom and they left the pet in their suv with the sunroof slightly ajar the pet also had access to food and water .
reports in italy say juventus make opening offer for paulo dybala . the palermo striker has been linked with manchester united and arsenal . real madrid and barcelona continue title battle with la liga victories .
willis never trademarked her most famous work , calling it my gift to the city . she created some of the city s most famous neon work .
gabriel ng filmed the scenes during a three month solo trip to visit family . his video includes shots of picturesque beaches and religious sites . most of the scenes were shot on ko samui island in the gulf of thailand .
yin yunfeng spent a week before returning to tibet cooking food . the soldier filled the fridge with stir fried dishes and 1 , 000 dumplings . a variety of snacks have also been hidden in the house as daily surprises . yin is stationed far from home and only gets to see his wife once a year . the wife , named only as ms zhao , has been branded luckiest wife in china .
andrew odell tweeted a picture of the mouse crawling around on his bread . mr odell later wrote that he did n t think aldi was taking matter seriously . aldi have said they are looking into the incident as a matter of urgency .
dutch and canadian study looked at 100 men and women . meals made the person they were with warmer and more likeable . chewing raises the levels of feel good chemical serotonin .
man on moped knocked woman s phone out of her hand in china . the screen cracks and she demands he pays for the damages . when he says that he has no money right now , she makes him kneel . despite promising to pay eventually , she slaps the man across the face .
alec stewart would like to hear more about the england team vacancy . former england wicketkeeper is currently director of cricket at surrey . stewart says he has had no discussions with the ecb over the role . paul downton was sacked as managing director of england team .
the world s largest cattle station is for sale in anna creek south australia . it covers a huge 23 , 000 square kilometres and includes original stock . s . kidman and co . are selling another 10 cattle farms across australia . in total , they cover 100 , 000 square kilometres and have 155 , 000 cattle .
a girl is seized by authorities who thought she was the daughter of a woman in houston . dna tests show she is not . the mother of alondra luna nu ez says they stole my child .
uno the kitten was filmed this month meeting louie , an adult dalmatian . clip shows inquisitive youngster making big friend in spokane , washington . uno is tentative at first , but ends up nuzzling affectionately with louie .
real madrid beat rayo vallecano 2 0 in la liga on wednesday night . cristiano ronaldo scored his 300th goal for the spanish giants . ronaldo was also booked for diving in the area but it appeared unfair . he incurred a one game suspension but that has now been overturned . click here for all the latest real madrid news .
blackpool goalkeeper joe lewis s shirt was meant to go to a club sponsor . lewis tried to get another but was told they had no spares to replace it , as blackpool midfielder andrea orlandi revealed in his weekly column . the 27 year old had to play in the signed shirt for the first 45 minutes .
bayern munich beat porto 6 1 at the allianz arena on tuesday night . german giants were without franck ribery , david alaba and mehdi benatia . arjen robben was also sidelined and did some punditry for the tie .
british veterinary association has withdrawn its support of pilot culls . free running badgers would be trapped and shot in controversial method . bva said the scheme had not demonstrated it was effective and humane . but it says it still supports badger culling to tackle tuberculosis in cattle .
chase lacasse , 19 , of new hampshire , arrested for impersonating police . teenager posted images of himself as officer on instagram , owned gun . customer at king kone thought the costume was an april fools joke .
lord tebbit said figures such as churchill had careers before politics . he claimed mr cameron was a pr advisor as well as a special advisor . lord tebbit was an airline pilot before he embarked on his political career . he said i just can not read mr cameron s mind . .
justin rose finished runner up in the masters earlier this month . rose was joint second with phil mickelson behind jordan spieth . brit will play at tpc louisiana in the zurich classic this week .
amanda chatel explained that nationwide adoption of the law is just one step in battling society s prevalent rape culture . the yes means yes law defines consent as affirmative , conscious , and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity from each partner . it was passed in california last year , and state officials in connecticut are now considering the adoption of a similar yes means yes bill .
labour leader described himself as a jewish atheist on visit to jerusalem . campaign tour stopped off at praise house community church in croydon . miliband vows to do everything he can to protect religious freedom .
association of professional flight attendants argues nicole kidman s etihad deal is at odds with un women s goodwill ambassador role . kidman stars in etihad s new hollywood glamour global brand campaign . union is waging a campaign against etihad and united arab emirates airlines due to treatment of female employees . etihad has rejected allegations saying employees are their top priority .
liverpool scouts have been impressed by geoffrey kondogbia this season . the midfielder was one of the most coveted youngsters in europe . france international joined monaco from sevilla in 2013 for 17million . liverpool remain in the frame for james milner and danny ings .
gaioz nigalidze has been expelled from the dubai open chess tournament . georgian champion was found using his phone in the middle of a match . opponent grew suspicious when he kept making trips to the toilet . tournament organisers then saw he had wrapped a phone in toilet paper . found his match was being monitored in a chess application on the phone .
the ashton canal became filled with heavy suds due to a 6ft wall of foam created by fire crews tackling a blaze . the fire at a nearby chemical plant saw water from fire service mix with detergents that were being stored there . the foam covered a 30 metre stretch of the canal near manchester city s etihad stadium in clayton .
video of little girl firing several rounds towards isis has gone viral . the girl , dressed in pink , tells man off camera she has killed 400 fighters . the man encourages her by saying kill , kill as she shoots machine gun . kurdish known for their female fighters but isis known for using children .
inspectors found pizza plus fried chicken in gillingham overrun with mice . owner kunaratnam kunanatha , 36 , admitted seven food safety offences . included lack of cleaning , uncontrolled mice infestation and unfit food . takeaway reopened a few months later but was closed after further checks .
video footage shows corporal james bass of north carolina sneaking up behind his son joshua as he stands in front of a scenic backdrop . when the photographer shows the third grader the finished photo he took , he spots his father in the background . the father son then share a big hug with smiles all round .
here s a roundup of the week s trending pop culture stories . they include a new star wars trailer and an ill advised , on camera rant .
chris christie appeared on the tonight show and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor . later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream fallon brought out for the two to share . when asked if he would run for president , christie said i ve got a day job which keeps me busy .
timothy eli thompson was born without nasal passages or sinus cavities . mother brandi mcglathery said facebook removed a photo of her son that a pro life group posted about his story because it was too controversial . a post she wrote about it was shared 30 , 000 times and photo was put back . eli had to have a tracheotomy and family now has a gofundme page for him . mother of three calls him the most beautiful boy i ve ever laid eyes on .
royal baby will be born at st mary s hospital in paddington , london . pm says he supports the right of people to choose treatment options . cameron is praying for happy , healthy news for that wonderful couple . prince george was born at same hospital two years ago in july 2013 .
arsenal take on stoke city in barclays under 21 premier league clash . jack wilshere and club captain mikel arteta have been out since november . abou diaby has been ravaged by injuries during nine year spell at club . arteta , wilshere and diaby are all close to first team returns . young winger serge gnabry also in the side on return from injury . read arsenal s alex oxlade chamberlain , calum chambers , jack wilshere and danny welbeck keep their agents close . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
danny welbeck watched nicki minaj perform in manchester on monday . liverpool s jose enrique , alberto moreno and mamadou sakho also went . arsenal beat liverpool in the premier league at the emirates on saturday .
a brass lamp from the nurse s derbyshire home is to go under the hammer . she is thought to have used it to write nursing notes after crimean war . lamp was passed on to servants and handed down through generations . it will be sold by hansons in etwall , derbyshire , on june 26 .
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 1 0 in the bundesliga on saturday . robert lewandowski netted only goal against his former club . dortmund coach jurgen klopp says pep guardiola s side deserved win . captain mats hummels disagrees with manager .
carol bennett chevereau from quebec , canada , filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases . but footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free . with some zealous tugs , he eventually managed to free his head and get back on all fours .
billy vunipola was cited for clash of heads with leicester s mathew tait . rfu disciplinary panel have deemed the clash was accidental . vunipola free to play in saturday s champions cup quarter final . saracens lock maro itoje has signed a new long term deal at the club .
obada has been signed by the cowboys despite playing just five games with the britbowl champions . the 22 year old londoner only started playing american football last year . he has been mentored by warriors defensive co ordinator aden durde , who spent last summer as a coaching intern with the cowboys . obada will give up his job in a welwyn garden city factory and head to rookie mini camp in texas in may .
man left passengers feeling nervous after outburst on bus , said witness . he caused more problems on the plane at the airport in hurghada , egypt . plane was taxiing to the runway but was forced to return to its stand . passengers applauded when he was removed by an armed officer . flight was delayed for 40 minutes before departing without the man .
jack white taking a hiatus from touring after brief acoustic jaunt . he ll play five states he has yet to get to , charge just 3 . places and times of shows are currently a mystery .
gold coast city council will be able to shut down illegal party houses . more than 700 party houses across city that regularly attract loud parties . party houses are just short term accommodation rental properties . police are often called in to handle noise complaints and lewd behaviour .
german grand prix has been scrapped because of financial problems . bernie ecclestone can not guarantee the future of the italian grand prix . jackie stewart insists there should always be a place for essential races .
jordan spieth struggled on his return to action following augusta triumph . the 21 year old carded three over par 74 in first round at the rbc heritage . he finished eight shots behind leaders matt every and graeme mcdowell .
roberto carlos says the pressures faced as a player makes coaching easy . he won the world cup with brazil and champions league with real madrid . the former defender said he learnt from all the managers he played under .
rita , 24 , models in colourful new rimmel beauty campaign . star has also designed her own make up collection for brand . partied in paris last night with boyfriend ricky hilfiger .
german team has developed new technique giving personalised treatment . tests carried out on cancerous cells in lung , skin and bowel tumours . survival rates boosted by more than 50 per cent during animal trials . patients with skin cancer now being recruited for the first human trials .
matthew colvin , 26 , was behind bars on tuesday in southhaven , mississippi , and will be extradited back to memphis on wednesday . elton john s iconic glasses , which have been valued at 2 , 000 , were found in a mailbox in southhaven , mississippi . the glasses , which were on loan from a private collector , will be back on display on wednesday .
eric carter , 21 , and stephanie mccassin , 24 , were arrested thursday after allegedly overdosing on heroin while giving their three year old son a bath . the toddler s grandmother and primary caretaker found the parents passed out on the bathroom floor while the toddler remained in the bathtub . the two were charged with endangering the welfare of a child .
baronelle stutzman was fined 1 , 000 for refusing to provide flowers for a same sex marriage in 2013 . a campaign on go fund me has raised more than 87 , 000 for stutzman s legal fund as of sunday . in february , a judge ruled that stutzman violated anti discrimination and consumer protection laws by not working on the gay couple s wedding .
sir bradley wiggins and geraint thomas avoided the crash . but their sky team mate elia viviani was not so fortunate . viviani hit the barriers in the final kilometre of the race .
laura robson has been out injured since the australian open in 2014 . robson is targeting a return to action at the french open in may . the 21 year old had surgery on injured wrist and is nearing full recovery . robson , training in florida , was pictured sitting in an ice bath on thursday .
just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home . this is compared to almost half a year ago , according to halifax research . also found that three quarters of uk renters fear they will never be able to afford to buy their own house .
the inspirational ms giffords , 44 , flew out of los angeles on thursday with her husband , retired astronaut mark kelly . the couple visiting the space shuttle endeavour at the california science center in la this week . giffords wrote so fun to see the awesome space shuttle endeavour with the awesome guy who flew it , captain mark kelly ! . mark s identical twin brother , astronaut scott kelly , blasted off aboard on his yearlong mission to the international space station last week .
tickets for mayweather v pacquiao on sale online for 180 , 000 . majority of the 1 , 000 tickets for the general public snapped up within minutes . the fight in las vegas on may 2 is one of the biggest in the sport s history .
wayne rooney tells juan mata every day england can win euro 2016 . mata was voted manchester united s player of the month for march . manchester united take on aston villa in the premier league on saturday .
spanish newspaper marca have praised real madrid s james rodriguez . the colombian has impressed since joining from monaco last summer . roberto mancini wants to sign eight quality players for inter milan . yaya toure , filipe luis and lucas leiva among mancini s targets . juventus striker alvaro morata claims he is not interested in joining real .
dashcam footage shared by dailymotion . com user vidsking , shows a st . bernard dog running across a road somewhere with a child trailing behind . it appears to be a rather uncomfortable excursion , with the young boy being pulled along the ground on his belly .
18 year old billy anne huxham was abducted from her caboolture home . the car she was seen in has been found by police , investigations continue . police report she has made contact with a family member . she was allegedly taken by ex boyfriend and wounded by a machete . reportedly has wounds on her legs and bruises on her face after the ordeal . hunt under way for carl garry chapman , 32 , seen driving with the victim after the alleged abduction and is understood to now have a firearm . perpetrator broke into a home and waved gun at residents after abduction .
police called after women start throwing chairs in mass brawl at pontins . all hell broke loose as 20 holidaymakers started fighting in southport . a 26 year old man was arrested following the fracas at the holiday park .
midfielder sebastian rode scored in the 38th minute from close range . bayern munich secured the three points after andreas beck s own goal . pep guardiola s side lead bundesliga by 13 points , with five games left .
andrea dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting on april 7 . metropolitan police confirm dossena and 31 year old woman also held at the scene were released after being interviewed . they were advised on april 10 that they would face no further action . dossena was accused of shoplifting in harrods store in knightsbridge . sportsmail understands officers accepted dossena s claims that he had simply forgotten to pay for a couple of items .
albert is breed of cat called selkirk rex known for its wild , tufty fur . he is named after albert einstein thanks to his untamed grey coat . his owners live in salt lake city and regularly post pictures of their cat .
gov . mike pence extends public health emergency by 30 days . 129 cases of hiv have been confirmed since mid december . more than 4 , 300 needles have been distributed through temporary needle exchange program .
n golo kante is wanted by arsenal , newcastle and southampton . marseille are also keen on the 5m rated midfielder . kante has been compared to lassana diarra and claude makelele . click here for the latest premier league news .
the video was filmed in the state of washington , where recreational use of marijuana was legalized in july of last year . each of the three police officers admitted to trying the controversial drug in the past .
prosecutor carlos colina , 32 , will be arraigned on the murder charge next week . he s already been arraigned for alleged assault and battery , improper disposal of a body . body parts were found in a duffel bag and a common area of an apartment building .
paul scholes hopes ryan giggs will become the next top british manager after working with louis van gaal . scholes would like to see jurgen klopp manage in the premier league . former manchester united man believes pep guardiola will manage manchester city once his contract expires at bayern munich .
sprinter says he is eating a lot more vegetables but hates them all . his chef chases him around the house to ensure he eats what he s cooked . bolt admits he must eat right food as he has to be perfect in training . admitted to consuming 1 , 000 mcnuggets at the 2008 beijing olympics .
fiorentina goalkeeper neto has been linked with liverpool and arsenal . neto joined firoentina from brazilian outfit atletico paranaense in 2011 . he is also wanted by psg and spanish clubs , according to his agent . click here for the latest liverpool news .
dustin irons was appearing in court via video link on a large tv screen . indecently exposed himself when he was unhappy with court proceedings . unamused judge added 30 days to his sentence for the lewd gesture .
psg planned to be europe s top side after major investments in the club . however , the loss against barcelona showed they still have long way to go . blaise matuidi thinks luis enrique s side will win the champions league .
a video captured a hammerhead shark in the shallows off destin , florida . two swimmers had no idea the giant shark was hunting so close to them . men on a balcony yell to warn them of the proximity of the shark .
lindsey norman purchased buns from sainsbury s store in peterborough . the mother of two spotted the image of jesus christ in a hot cross bun . said it made me giggle as it s coming up to easter but has eaten the bun .
tulsa detectives believe the father shot and killed the other individuals . officers found handgun near his body and are not seeking other suspects . bodies may have been in house for up to two days before being found . officers discovered them on wednesday afternoon during a welfare check .
memory neurons that covert short term memory to long term work most effectively when a person is asleep , scientists believe . brandeis university scientists believe memory neurons put us to sleep . say you need to sleep to consolidate and remember what you ve learned .
cctv footage shows the thieves in action at the shell fuel stop at 265 ygnacio valley road in walnut creek . with one man distracting a cashier at the window , another hooks up a cable to the cash machine . with the other end of the cord attached to a white pickup , the vehicle then speeds off , uprooting the atm from its mount . two of the suspects were described as white males , while the escape vehicle was detailed as a white ford f 250 or f 350 four wheel drive . .
manny pacquiao takes on floyd mayweather in 300m mega fight on may 2 . filipino boxer says he will fight like it is the last of his life in las vegas . pacquiao has no doubt he will be the first to beat mayweather . insists he will be a warrior in fight and will look to win each round . floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao wbc unveil 1m emerald green belt . floyd mayweather is a control freak , slams pacman s promoter bob arum .
sofinar gourian found guilty of wearing a dress made from egyptian flag . a court in agouza town sentenced the belly dancer to six months in prison . local businesswoman found the dress insulting and complained to police . strict laws prevents the flag being displayed if damaged or tampered with .
mats hummels admits he is considering his borussia dortmund future . germany defender is being linked with a move to manchester united . franz beckenbauer says he is at perfect age to move to premier league .
gangs of south americans target shoppers in west end , police have said . many thieves arrive on six month visa before heading on a european tour . police arrested two chilean women in burkas who had a bag containing 130 , 000 , 20 , 000 and jewellery .
now outdoor space is more commonly used to store hot tubs , say experts . only traditional flowers still grow in english country gardens as a result . most only contains four species daffodils , crocuses , roses and tulips .
twin peaks creator david lynch announced he was departing the showtime revival of the cult series sunday . cast members of the show posted a youtube video wednesday pleading for him to return . wednesday was the series 25th anniversary .
prince harry is to begin a monthlong military attachment in australia . he ll be leaving the british armed forces in june .
gordon jack , 47 , was taken to hospital yesterday after falling at rehearsal . murray was feet away from the photographer when he lost his balance . first minister nicola sturgeon said she was totally devastated by the news . tennis star andy murray and fiance kim sears tied the knot this afternoon .
scotland youth international jack cosgrove is joining edinburgh . young worcester prop will move north of the border next season . the 20 year old expressed his delight in joining the european cup finalists .
the unlikely duo live at an animal rescue shelter in camp verde , arizona .
gary neville believes manchester united can get a result at chelsea . the sky pundit thinks that louis van gaal s side are currently hard to beat . united travel to stamford bridge looking to close the gap on the leaders . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
aaron cresswell has starred for west ham in debut premier league term . chelsea and manchester city are reportedly interested in the defender . sam allardyce says the former ipswich star would be better off staying .
ed balls rules out any snp pact benefiting scotland at england s expense . ed miliband has ruled out forming a coalition with nicola sturgeon s party . but stopped short of dismissing deal to prop up a labour administration .
jose mourinho praised chelsea s consistency since the opening fixtures . the portuguese said the premier league s competitiveness is like no other . chelsea face qpr on sunday as they look to maintain league stronghold .
preston slipped up in their promotion bid with 2 2 draw with gillingham . mk dons closed the gap with an impressive 3 0 victory over fleetwood . swindon remain in the hunt following a 4 2 away win at rochdale .
philip garrod caught while on way to work with welsh ambulance service . pleaded guilty to offence but asked for special consideration to avoid ban . claimed he was rushing to see injured cyclist after message from colleague . falsified patient document for fake cyclist injury on the a470 at dolgellau . rumbled after bosses checked 999 calls and found none matching the claim .
manchester united welcome manchester city to old trafford on sunday . sergio aguero has scored six goals against man utd since joining city . radamel falcao says the argentine is the main threat for man united . falcao is hoping to make his first appearance in a manchester derby . colombian says he is happy at man utd despite bit part role this season .
a man rescued twice in the same night after falling from boat dock . it happened at cockle bay wharf in sydney s darling harbour . the man fell in the first time and was rescued . before paramedics could wrap him in a foil blanket he fell backwards again . darling harbour is known for it s treacherous waters .
philip gigante was elected into the position by residents of airmont . his grandfather was vinny the chin gigante , head of the genovese gang . the mobster walked around in a bathrobe and slippers to look insane . that way he felt like he would avoid prosecution , and did in 1990 . he was jailed in 1997 for federal racketeering and died in prison aged 77 . philip hopes his achievements will be what his constituents .
an australian bat has found an unlikely cure for his arthritis in a cup of tea . the 22 year old bat picked up the taste while drinking from his owner s cup . the rest of the 25 bats in the aviary have acquired a taste for the tea too . while it may look like regular tea it is his own purpose made tea .
six people taken hostage in a kosher market siege say media outlet endangered their lives . they hid in a cold room during the attack in paris by gunman amedy coulibaly .
graeme mcdowell will play aggressive golf to end his poor masters record . the 35 year old has only made the cut twice in seven attempts at augusta . mcdowell has just recovered from an ankle injury ahead of the masters . click here for all the latest golf news .
six young minnesotans conspired to sneak into syria and join isis by any means necessary , prosecutors say . the men , ages 19 to 21 , were arrested sunday . they plotted for 10 months , the u . s . attorney for the district of minnesota says .
chelsea could consider selling brazilian midfielder oscar this summer . both juventus and liverpool are keeping tracking of developments . oscar has struggled to maintain a first team place this season .
santiago vergini is on a season long loan at sunderland . defender has an option for a two year deal at black cats if they stay up . argentine admits only downside at wearside has been the weather .
everton held an open training session at goodison park on tuesday . the toffees are preparing to face swansea city at the liberty stadium . midfielders steven pienaar and kevin mirallas both involved after injuries . gareth barry wants to continue winning run after three victories in a row . click here for all the latest everton news .
didier drogba given the barclays spirit of the game award . the 37 year old s foundation has done impressive work in africa . some of chelsea s stars attended a charity ball which raised 400 , 000 . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
psg face barcelona in the champions league quarter finals on wednesday . laurent blanc says his side must not just focus on lionel messi . he wants psg to be agressive defensively to keep out luis enrique s side . the second leg takes place at the nou camp on april 21 . read messi could line up with cristiano ronaldo in uefa dream team .
adam gadahan was born in oregon in 1978 as adam pearlman . was first american to be charged with treason since second world war . converted to islam at the age of 17 while living in orange county , california . a few years later he moved to pakistan and became an al qaeda propagandist .
jack wilshere captained arsenal u21s squad against reading on monday . wilshere is building his fitness following his return from a long term injury . however , he could n t stop the young gunners from losing the clash . wilshere is hoping to appear in the fa cup semi final against reading . read arsenal have doubts over signing liverpool star raheem sterling .
police yuhei takashima , 64 , says he had sex with girls as young as 14 in philippines . officers seize nearly 150 , 000 photos that the former principal kept of his activities .
george bailey will play the second half of the natwest t20 blast . he has signed a deal with sussex to take over from mahela jayawardene . the batsman has captained australia in both limited overs formats . he has also had a spell with hampshire .
west coast railways services suspended after train failed to stop at signal . 100mph collision with steam train missed by barely a minute . wcr must take steps to address network rail s concerns . the company owns the hogwarts express now at warner bros studios .
steve bruce adamant that hull will avoid relegation from premier league . hull were beaten 2 0 by southampton at st mary s on saturday . defeat leaves hull in 17th just two points clear of the danger zone . bruce wanted 10 wins at the start of the season , but hull have just six .
naomi , 44 , and jourdan , 24 , are new faces of burberry eyewear . this is the second joint burberry campaign for the catwalk stars . pair are close friends and jourdan walked in naomi s charity fashion show .
a psychology expert has revealed that the stress of a visit to the store can cause serious friction between couples . she warned that customers avoid one particular unit known as the liatorp , which retails for 1 , 199 and is notoriously tricky to build .
barcelona set to travel to celta vigo for clash on sunday . lionel messi set to return from foot injury for la liga match . celta forward nolito urges former team mate messi not to play .
on fm , norwegians can only find five stations . digitally , there are four times that number .
the sister of murdered hairdresser said her sibling visited several women s shelters every day but was refused a room . leila alavi was found in dead in a car at a sydney shopping centre carpark . she was working when she reportedly received a phone call and left . a colleague found the 26 year old stabbed to death on saturday morning . court papers allege she was killed with a pair of scissors . her estranged husband was charged with murder and refused bail .
jenson button was set to start from the back of the grid after mechanical failure in qualifying . despite frantic work from mclaren mechanics , they were unable to get his car on to the grid leaving button to watch from the sidelines . it was only the third race of the last 272 staged that he has missed .
dani alves has spent seven seasons with the catalan giants . alves has four spanish titles to his name with barcelona . the brazil defender has also won the champions league twice with barca .
richie benaud died at the age of 84 after battling skin cancer . his commentary style is considered synonymous with cricket . sportsmail recalls 10 of his best moments in the commentary box . read when richie benaud welcomed viewers , they were able to relax . click here for richie benaud tributes as cricket world mourns legend .
myer to make way for new overseas collections with unprecedented sale . balmain , dkny , pucci and alexander mcqueen all to be slashed in price . the new strategy will compete with online retailers . the sale will knock 65 to 75 per cent off handbags , shoes and accessories .
ashley young joined manchester united in june 2011 from aston villa . young feels he has an important role to play under louis van gaal . he feels he and wayne rooney are among those that have taken on responsibility after nemanja vidic , rio ferdinand and patrice evra left .
single mother from philadelphia is facing four counts of endangering welfare of a child . firefighters rescued a boy and three girls , ages 9 to 13 , from basement in kensington section sunday . police say the children were without access to food or bathroom for about 15 hours . family friend said the mother locked her kids after one of them stole money .
homeowner in florida filmed as nine foot bull shark swam behind condo . residents say fishermen throwing bait into water is attracting the animals . bull sharks are considered among the most likely species to attack people .
sources claimed he d go if lib dems are reduced to fewer than 30 mps . but yesterday insisted he would fight for his job in all circumstances . warned of very real risk we undo all the hard work over last five years . vince cable hopes to be chancellor if lib dems form another coalition .
badou jack is the new wbc world super middleweight champions . the 31 year old beat anthony dirrell via a points decision on friday night . george groves will fight badou jack as his mandatory challenger next .
james tomkins underwent surgery on a dislocated shoulder last month . defender tomkins picked up the freak injury during a gym session . surgery went well and the 26 year old is closing in on a return to action . however , tomkins accepted it may be too late to feature again this season . click here for all the latest west ham news .
lewis ferguson was mucking out the stables as usual on thursday . favourite merrion square threw jockey in a freak fall on wednesday . his spectacular double somersault fall made him internet sensation .
june whitfield will appear in the bbc soap next week as sister ruth . her character will offer advice to anguished kat , played by jessie wallace . it was an absolute delight to work with jessie , ab fab actress said .
the technology billionaire pursued a sale of struggling electric car company tesla to google in 2013 for 6 billion . musk demanded that he be permitted to run tesla as a unit of google for eight years , or until tesla produced a third generation car . negoitations promptly ended in may 2013 when his company unexpectedly yielded its first profit and he no longer needed the finanical support . the claims are made in the new biography elon musk tesla , spacex and the quest for a fantastic future .
criticised over incompetent handling of bank s tax evasion scandal . announced her departure in a letter to shareholders . follows calls by mp margaret hodge for fairhead to quit bbc role .
barcelona star xavi has managed just five starts since the turn of the year . the midfielder recently travelled to qatar to discuss possible switch . luis enrique believes xavi has vital role to play towards end of season .
dating website skout s survey reveals cheese lovers more active in bed . the most popular cheese is american followed by cheddar and mozzarella . those who like their cheese sarnies grilled are also more charitable .
verona substitute mounir obbadi scored late to secure all three points . obbadi stunned the home side as goal in added time earned them win . alessandro diamanti missed a penalty for fiorentina in the second half . vincenzo montella had no complaints as his side paid dearly for misses .
youssouf mulumbu has revealed votes for the player of the year awards . west brom midfielder has picked harry kane for the main award . eden hazard was selected by mulumbu for the young player award .
brondby s superligaen game with fc copenhagen ended goalless . ex liverpool defender daniel agger allegedly elbowed mattias jorgensen . former liverpool defender left anfield for his former club last summer .
manchester united and england defender chris smalling has taken a trip to his old judo club . the international judo federation shared photos of the visit on twitter . before deciding on a career in football , smalling was a talented martial artist and named national judo champion as a teenager . he has experienced a meteoric rise from his days playing for non league maidstone united to turning out for the red devils now .
ap mccoy will race at sandown for the last time before retiring on saturday . mccoy is to be presented with his 20th champion jockeys trophy . ian wright will hand mccoy , an avid arsenal supporter , the award .
the cubs were a month old when they were presented to public . according to the zoo their teeth have already started to grow . the two cubs have also reportedly reached ideal weight of 3kg . jaguars are the fifth brood of mother and father agnes and rock .
brazilian rafael broke three ribs while on under 21 duty on monday night . rafael sustained injury in a challenge with leicester s anthony knockaert . it means brazilian may have played his last game for the red devils . the 24 year old is surplus to requirements and will be sold in summer .
jeffrey klein apologizes for tweet with search for susan del percio . state senator said that newly hired female staffer accidentally sent it . experienced strategist del percio said that incident was silly mistake .
tottenham will face the mls all stars as part of their pre season schedule . annual fixture will be held at colorado rapids dick s sporting goods park . previous teams to feature include manchester united and chelsea .
the popular food chain s new spring menu includes a 650 calorie chicken filled pretzel roll and a 400 calorie bagel . each of the chicken pretzel rolls contains 68 of your recommended daily allowance of salt . the new menu contains one healthy option , a 210 calorie steak wrap which still contains 25 of your daily saturated fats . cardiologist dr kevin campbell explained to femail that the menu items are full of em pty calories that have little or no nutritional value .
european court of human rights find russia justified in deporting father . robert muradeli had committed no crime worse than traffic violations . but was deported for breaking immigration laws after 20 years residence . eight judges rule russia did not breach the 45 year old s human rights .
didier drogba insists he has no intention to retire at the end of the season . the striker returned to chelsea last summer after leaving the club in 2012 . after signing a 12 month deal with the blues , drogba is yet to be offered a new contract at stamford bridge . click here for the latest chelsea news .
alison sharland agreed a 10 . 34 million settlement with her ex husband . but ex husband charlie had lied about the value of his share in appsense . it s claimed his value in the company may be worth up to 132million . she has won the right to reopen their divorce battle in the supreme court .
list is dominated by european nations particularly those in scandinavia . switzerland is now the happiest nation , with iceland the most rapid riser . reasons range from strong gdp to beautiful scenery and a vibrant culture . uk ranks at a lowly 21 , although brits are happier now than back in 2012 . world s least happy nations are unsurprisingly places ravaged by war and extreme poverty , such as syria , burundi and togo .
indian premier league player says he was approached to match fix . unnamed ipl player represents rajasthan royals in lucrative league . click here for all the latest ipl cricket news .
atletico madrid 0 0 real madrid click here for martin samuel s report . gareth bale wasted real s best chance to score an away goal . fans waited outside the training ground early on wednesday morning . the 86m signing was verbally abused a month after his car was attacked . spanish newspaper marca gave bale just five out of 10 in their ratings .
children s story written by queen victoria aged 10 now set to be published . short story tells tale of girl sent to boarding school after her mother died . story written in monarch s composition notebook as part of her studies .
bristol city held second place preston to 1 1 draw at deepdale on saturday . robins could be first football league club to win promotion on tuesday . steve cotterill s side face bradford at valley parade and win will be enough . city boss cotterill was happy to avoid defeat against preston after admitting he had thought about the worst case scenario .
mongolian khan and nz jockey opie bosson won the australian derby race . bosson s agent adian rodley was captured celebrating on trackside tv . he did n t realise he was being filmed when his broke into celebration .
aston villa owner randy lerner in discussions to sell the club . manager tim sherwood not concerned by takeover talks . sherwood says he is focused on survival and building for next season . aston villa are 16th and three points clear of relegation zone . click here for the latest aston villa news .
man walked into hospital in guangdong province and took nurse hostage . but brave doctor lin xikun offered to swap place with terrified woman . managed to keep the knife wielding hostage taker calm until police arrived . the accident and emergency doctor is being hailed as a hero by colleagues .
atletico madrid leapfrogged valencia in race for third position . the la liga duo are battling for automatic champions league berth . antoine griezmann scored his 15th goal of the season in the fifth minute . saul niguez added a second before the interval to double his side s lead .
leicester looked to be on the brink of relegation just two weeks ago . but a freshly discovered attacking potency has given them hope of survival . however manager nigel pearson believes there is still an awful lot to do .
cesc fabregas flag currently adorns arsenal s ken friar bridge . arsenal fan tv s claude callegari believes it should be taken down . fabregas left arsenal for barcelona in 2011 before signing for chelsea . 27 year old midfielder is enjoying a fruitful first season at stamford bridge . arsenal vs chelsea special cesc fabregas to make emirates return .
planes collide after one desperately attempts to make emergency landing . three people hospitalised after the crash at an airport near melbourne . both pilots involved in the crash believed to be students . passengers stranded in one plane forced to climb to safety through tail .
rory mcilroy bidding to win his first masters title this week at augusta . the northern irishman finished tied for eighth place last year in his best finish in georgia . mcilroy looking for third straight major victory after winning the open and uspga championship last year . one direction star niall horan caddied for mcilroy in wednesday s par 3 contest .
the bayern munich boss has yet to commit his future to the german giants . pep guardiola has been linked with a switch to manchester city . former bayern boss ottmar hitzfeld says lucien favre should replace him . borussia monchengladbach set for champions league football next year .
brock guzman , 8 , was taken from his home when someone stole the family car from their driveway as he slept inside monday morning . he was found shortly after a few miles away in fairfield , california . his parents , paul and suzanne , are now filing a formal complaint against police for the way they were treated after they reported the incident . suzanne was handcuffed and thrown to the ground by officers , something paul claims he captured in a video . cops say this happened because they say what they thought was blood inside the house and suzanne refused to let them in . the family says they wanted to protect police from their dog who they thought would attack the officers .
daniel morcombe s killer could be freed early because of judge s bias . lawyer s for brett peter cowan demand chief justice removed from appeal . claim judge tim carmody had a friendship child protection advocate . daniel , 13 , went missing in december 2013 after cowan abducted him . cowan was found guilty and sentenced to life in prison in march last year .
lakenya hall of kenner , lousiana was arrested after driving six children to a fight . this after they had already been in a fight at their bus stop . two of the chidlren were hall s , ages 15 and 11 , and one boy , 14 , was shot in the leg . hall was charged with six counts of contributing to the delinquency of a juvenile and disturbing the peace . her two sons as well as the man who shot the child hall brought to the fight were also arrested . more arrests are expected as police say their is a video of the fight .
newcastle have lost their last four premier league games . john carver s side lost 1 0 to sunderland in the tyne wear derby . the magpies have won just twice in 2015 ahead of their anfield trip .
england star taken off as a precaution after being hit on the hand . kevin pietersen was fielding for surrey at leg slip against oxford mccu . a sweep off gareth batty s bowling caught the top edge and struck kp . pietersen has returned to surrey to fight for his england place .
scotland s strict new drink driving law sees bar sales drop by 60 per cent . lack of spending is being blamed for stalling the country s financial growth . publicans are concerned it is having a worse effect than 2006 smoking ban . hospitality industry leaders claim the law comprises a form of prohibition .
the image is believed to come from a firebrand american religious group . professors of gynecology hans peter dietz said the image is dangerous . the professor said it represents a broader anti caesarean sentiment . world health organisation said the number of caesareans needs to drop .
incredible pictures show a city in china devoured by a giant sandstorm . golmud , in the country s north west , was yesterday blasted for half an hour . the entire city turned red as it was covered by the brightly coloured sand . as residents fled the streets , the city took on a mars type appearance .
steve clarke admits his reading side must be perfect on saturday . the royals face arsenal in the fa cup semi final at wembley stadium . clarke has never beaten arsene wenger but wants this to change .
jamie carragher watched the mediterranean international cup . carragher s son james plays for the liverpool u12s . lionel messi and cesc fabregas have played in the tournament . neymar , geard pique , oscar and juan mata have also starred .
the couple , who does not wish to be identified , is suing premiere photos for allegedly printing the caption , poor n party on the bottom of photos . the couple rented a photo booth for the wedding and the bride s sister noticed the racial slur but chose not to tell the couple on their special day . the couple allegedly called james evans of premiere photos but he issued no apology and that is when they decided to sue .
intruders broke into home in hatfield peverel , essex , and flooded kitchen . they dumped the tv in bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs during the wanton wrecking spree before stopping for bread and butter . took jewellery , including a wedding ring , and a computer , laptop and tablet .
video shows the lions scaling the cage to look at the people inside . lions jump up on the side of the bars and eats meat through them . the encounter took place at the orana wildlife park in new zealand .
michael vaughan wants to get new role of director of england cricket . but he says he will only do so if he feels he can make a difference . paul downton lost his job as manager director of cricket on wednesday .
craig cathcart stuck the only goal of the game in the 56th minute . if the hornets win their final two games , they will be promoted . bournemouth were held 2 2 at home to sheffield wednesday .
southampton target tonny vilhena wants out of feyenoord this summer . ronald koeman had tried to sign the 20 year old in january , but was rebuffed . vilhena has one year left on his contract , but wants to move away . koeman is also keen on signing his team mate jordy claise .
real madrid have exclusivity on signing javier hernandez until friday . if real do not agree deal by friday , then other clubs can swoop for striker . manchester united to field offers of 10million for 26 year old hernandez .
almost 16 million people in yemen are in need of humanitarian aid , according to u . n . . planeload of aid supplies including food and medicine was flown in to sanaa on tuesday . a rare ceasefire was negotiated to allow the plane to land briefly .
qatar s supreme committee unveil new 40 , 000 seat stadium for world cup . the al rayyan stadium is fifth 2022 venue and will be completed in 2019 . stadium features cooling technology for fans and players comfort .
javier hernandez scored twice to make it six goals in eight games for real . carlo ancelotti says striker s form makes him non negotiable at present . hernandez is enjoying his football at present despite uncertain future . real madrid s win moved them back to within two points of barcelona . read celta vigo 2 4 real madrid javier hernandez scores twice as real come from behind to keep la liga title battle with barcelona alive .
ap mccoy claimed his first win of this year s grand national on thursday . his ride , jezki , won after ruby walsh s arctic fire fell at final hurdle . both walsh and arctic fire escaped without serious injury from the fall . it is second time in month that walsh has fallen after annie power tumble .
bentleys and porsches finished bottom of reliability table of manufacturers . cars were assessed on their failure rate , age , mileage and cost of repairs . most reliable was honda , with suzuki second and toyota in third place .
the couple have been identified by family and friends as 48 year old chris peppelman and his wife nicole , 43 . one of the couple s sons called 911 just before 1pm on tuesday when he came home and found his parents dead . mr and mrs peppelmen were covered in cuts believed to have been caused by a chainsaw . so far , authorities will only classify mrs peppelman s death as a homicide suggesting that the incident could be a murder suicide . friends say the couple was going though troubles , and that mrs peppelman had moved out of the home with their three boys .
vampire diaries star nina dobrev announces she s leaving the show . nothing will be the same again , fans say .
marie d argent was injured when elevator at melbourne apartment complex dropped suddenly in october . she says she suffered vertebral disc trauma and loss of libido as a result . the 55 year old is suing building and elevator company for compensation . ms d argent has filed a statement of claim at the county court of victoria .
alannah hill broke her foot after shooing her dog and hitting skirting board . doctor noticed a freckle on her foot and she was diagnosed with cancer . another three months it would likely have spread and become terminal . hill has had part of her toe removed and a skin graft from her inner thigh . she prides herself on her alabaster skin even going to the extremes of wearing gloves and using a parasol to protect her from the sun .
maysak has sustained winds of more than 130 mph but is expected to weaken . it s forecast to hit the philippines during the easter weekend .
olsi beheluli posted picture of himself with 250 , 000 in cash on twitter . the 24 year old was part of a gang found with 4million in class a drugs . police said he enjoyed living the high life with cash made from his crimes . beheluli claimed he appeared on channel 4 dating show my little princess .
accused of leaking a document revealing party s ideological battle plan to counter advocates of constitutional democracy . amnesty her sentencing is in line with the very stern approach president xi jinping s team has taken on dissent . gao was arrested in april last year , ahead of the sensitive 25th anniversary of the tiananmen square crackdown .
lifelong blackpool fan frank knight forced to pay 20 , 000 in damages . the pensioner made allegations about the oyston family on facebook . seasiders fan joe atherton set up an online account to raise money . football supporters have now met the 20 , 000 target . club is owned by owen oyston , while son karl is blackpool chairman . knight ordered to make a public apology following facebook comments .
attorney general eric holder sent out the memo to doj workers on friday . he said violating agency policy could lead to suspension or termination . employees are banned from hiring prostitutes when they are off duty or in foreign countries . inspector general s report found dea agents had sex with prostitutes . soliciting undermines effort to eradicate the scourge of human trafficking .
west ham move to the olympic stadium ahead of the 2016 17 season . karen brady announced reduced season ticket prices ahead of move . cheapest price will be 289 , down from the current cheapest of 620 . sam allardyce says filing the stadium is most important thing for a club .
anthony clark reed was driving around detroit on monday night . was pulled over and handcuffed by police when he got out of the car . complained he could n t breath , then collapsed and suffered a heart attack . his father claims he was driving erratically because of his asthma . is planning to sue the police force for their role in his death .
liverpool face a summer overhaul with up to 10 players possibly leaving . raheem sterling is wanted by premier league champions man city . wolfsburg have shown an interest in long serving defender martin skrtel . the anfield club will listen to offers for italian frontman mario balotelli . read liverpool launch bid to rival man utd for psv s memphis depay .
musacchio snapped his ankle chasing ball 13 minutes from end . the horror injury overshadowed villarreal s 1 1 draw with getafe . ikechukweu uche penalty was villarreal s first goal in five league games . diego castro equalised to ensure a point for getafe .
wicketkeeper brad haddin came under fire for send off of martin guptill . all rounder james faulkner mocked grant elliott after his dismissal . sportsmail s david lloyd added his voice to the chorus of criticism .
gypsy secretariat foundation complained over the definition of gypsy . spanish dictionary has one of the definitions for the word as a swindler . group has delivered protest letters to spain s royal language academy .
pep guardiola has been linked with a move to manchester city . spanish boss has a three year contract with bayern munich . ceo karl heinz rummenigge believes guardiola will stay with bayern .
thomas piermayr has been training with the championship club this week . blackpool sit bottom of the table and are set to be in league one next year . piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for colorado rapids .
sam allardyce s west ham are top of the premier league fair play table . the upton park outfit could be playing europa league football next year . allardyce has said he s happy to sneak through the back door into europe . west ham travel to league champions manchester city on sunday .
coleen rooney and nadine coyle have signed up to race for life . stars also posed for cancer research s new campaign for the event series .
three blackburn players set to give evidence in trial of pensioner . police say gesture was made as visiting players applauded their fans . boro had been ahead until rudy gestede scored a late goal .
veteran time magazine film critic richard corliss died thursday night in new york city . corliss reviewed more than 1 , 000 movies and authored four books on film .
jennifer drew estimates she saves 70 on weekly food shop with coupons . the mother of one has dedicated her garage to stockpiling extra products . she has bottles of mouthwash , 52 tubes of lotion and tonnes of nappies . mrs drew also has stacks of cat food even though she does n t have a pet .
most of those released were women and children . freed yazidis sent to capital of iraq s kurdish region .
india has launched a massive aid mission to its earthquake hit neighbor nepal . disaster relief troops and tons of food , water and medicine have been flown in .
judge pays 240 , 000 damages after he wrote semi erotic poem for clerk . clerk , marcia eisenhour , worked with court judge craig storey 25 years . she claimed he was possessive and asked if she was in a relationship .
yo ! . he is a former labour backer and appeared in a 2004 political broadcast . total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter praising the tories . the announcement will heap more pressure on labour and ed miliband .
nuri sahin said he turned down an offer from arsenal to stay in germany . the decision was based on his family s wishes to not move to england . former liverpool loanee said borussia dortmund is his home club . read wenger reveals secrets of his team selection process . click here for the latest arsenal news .
jon czerniecki positioned trail cameras on a farm in northeast victoria . the disturbing vision shows the two dogs torturing the injured kangaroo . he has since contacted the local council in hopes of locating the owners . experts say the vision challenges stereotypes of dogs and kangaroos .
world cup winner jason robinson came close to committing suicide . robinson spiralled out of control after drinking six nights a week . the former rugby ace was arrested for affray , assault and criminal damage . samoa star va aiga tuigamala talked robinson out of suicide .
judy has undergone a makeover but could be outshone by kim s mother . stylish leonore sears , 53 , has long been admired on the tennis circuit . the south african bears a strong resemblance to soon to be wed daughter . dunblane now waiting for what is being dubbed scotland s royal wedding .
jihadis face fines , whipping or even jail time for wearing nike products . ban is also partly due to the brand sharing its name with a greek goddess . commanders say the name also sounds like sexual slang words in arabic . those living under isis are already banned from wearing jeans or items of clothing carrying provocative language or swear words .
the former heir to the durst real estate empire was hit with new felony gun possession charges on tuesday . durst , 72 , was the recent subject of hbo documentary the jinx . the day before the final episode aired , authorities in louisiana arrested durst in connection to the 2000 murder of his friend susan berman .
goblin valley state park in the san rafael desert of utah contains thousands of mushroom shaped hoodoos . the gnarly rock formations are created through the erosion of entrada sandstone deposited millions of years ago . softer sedimentary rock material erodes more quickly , leaving the harder rock behind , creating unusual shape .
19 year old from north west of the capital arrested at airport today . he had just landed in britain on a flight from istanbul in turkey . teenager is accused of committing and assisting acts of terrorism . charged at police station and due to appear before magistrates today .
jordon ibe will sign a new five year contract which will run until 2020 . ibe has impressed at liverpool since returning on loan from derby county . liverpool also close to signing new deal with jordan henderson . read martin skrtel rejects talk linking him with a move away from anfield . reds agree to new three year sponsorship deal with standard chartered .
angel di maria s red card forced louis van gaal to look at other players . juan mata , marouane fellaini and ashley young have been in good form in recent matches . paul scholes says united are playing well when they have nothing to play for .
aston villa captain ron vlaar will return to the first team from injury . manager tim sherwood has urged the dutchman to prove himself again and help villa to avoid relegation from the premier league . vlaar played a starring role in holland s run to the world cup semi finals in brazil last year . villa take on manchester united at old trafford on saturday .
bec and bridge showcase bikinis as part of spring summer16 at mbfwa . designers becky cooper and bridget yorston showcase swim line . the collection featured metallics , jewel tones and signature boho charm . jecinta campbell , carissa walford , rebecca judd all sat front row .
women are wearing the ribbon and posting pictures on social media . the breast lifting look is inspired by the anime character hestia . ribbon is tied so that when the arms move up , the breasts are lifted .
most americans say businesses should not discriminate against same sex weddings . public opinion has shifted on the issue since last fall . indiana passed and later changed its religious freedom law after public outcry .
stoke currently have the joint smallest pitch in the premier league . mark hughes plans to extend the playing area to benefit his team s style . tony pulis used small pitch when the club were promoted in 2008 .
gunman on the run since 2pm saturday afternoon in sydney s west . eight shots fired in a shopping mall as people had lunch in harris park . street in the area was closed by police as they attempted to find the man . police confirmed an arrest has yet to be made after the incident .
philip dunning , 44 , from bo ness , west lothian won the 8million jackpot . he turned up at 4am for his usual shift at a food factory to give boss notice . dunning checked his ticket throughout the day to make sure it was there . partner gina , 45 , who also worked at the factory handed in her notice too .
swiss international ricardo rodriguez nets penalty in second half . kevin de bruyne and andre schurrle miss chances in win . borussia dortmund also reach last four of german cup on tuesday .
jose mourinho reportedly targeting summer move for koke . spanish midfielder has been key to atletico madrid s recent success . former atletico defender filipe luis could be going back to spain .
the 44 year old has tied the knot with alice arnold in chiswick , london . the pair did not have a ceremony , nor did they invite any guests . balding made clear her intentions to marry once gay marriage was legal .
miranda calvin , 19 , was arrested on sunday in gresham , oregon after allegedly hitting a woman with her car and fleeing the scene . jerrie ann hornig , 49 , was found dead at the scene by gresham police . calvin was booked on manslaughter , felony hit and run and reckless driving . police said the public helped lead to calvin s arrest , after one person called in after spotting the mercedes while listening to a police scanner .
xherdan shaqiri joined inter milan from bayern munich in january this year . the switzerland international s form has tailed off in recent weeks . reports have suggested he could leave the club at the end of the season . inter boss roberto mancini insists those reports are completely made up .
chelsea starlets kurt zouma and izzy brown also took part in celebrations . quartet played a game of kick ups with the twist of songkran traditions . songkran festival is celebrated by thais by throwing water at each other . brown captained chelsea under 19s to uefa youth league success . read courtois targets premier league glory for chelsea .
bullish brendan rodgers says he is the man to take liverpool forward . his time at the club is under scrutiny after fa cup semi final defeat . liverpool can hit back with victory at west brom on saturday . jordan henderson over the moon after signing new liverpool contract . man united and liverpool target memphis depay holds talks with psg .
taylor lynn fast , 21 , told police her daughter layla had been bitten . police found her at home in festus , missouri , with horrifying injuries . fast reportedly said layla was bitten night before . officers say she had not realized her child was dead . she has been arrested and charged with endangering a child .
four chelsea stars took part in audi s football challenge . they were tasked with various challenges involving the expensive cars . eden hazard and nathan ake faced willian and loic remy in the video . willian accidentally smashes the wing mirror of one of the audi s . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
palermo defender roberto vitiello must improve their poor away record . the italian side have failed to win on the road since november 2 . udinese are also a team in danger of relegation and lost to parma recently . they boast a less than impressive home record , winning one in nine .
the ancient tuscan town is based 40 miles south east of genoa . little is known about much of the settlement s origin or history . seismic instability noted as a reason for the mass abandonment . today the town is seen as italy s most famous abandoned location . folklore suggests that the depreciating settlement is haunted .
cases have been traced to ill travelers from india and dominican republic . symptoms include diarrhea , stomach cramps and nausea . sometimes antibiotics are prescribed for more serious cases . however strain has become increasingly resistant to drugs .
in a leaked sony email cameron crowe mocks bruce jenner s gender transition with amy pascal . when the director is asked if he has anything to show pascal from his new movie aloha he responds does bruce jenner want boobs ? . aloha , which stars emma stone and bradley cooper , was blasted in a previously leaked email by pascal .
the first year washington university students were on creve coeur lake . initially all is calm until slight splashes can be seen rippling in the water . suddenly all hell breaks loose and hundreds of asian carp leap at them .
marie le pen has fallen out with her father over his extreme views . the 87 year old convicted racist said nazi gas chambers a detail of history . marine said fn does n t want to be held hostage to his vulgar provocations . she will oppose him standing in december poll amid calls for him to resign . but honorary president jean marie said stepping down is a crazy idea .
the woman holds out a banana , which the monkey quickly snatches . monkey then approaches the camera and sniffs it to see if it is food . woman gets too close to protective monkey and it slaps her gopro . the footage was captured by a couple in thai town of kanchanaburi .
marisa curlen , a student at james madison university in virginia , was found unresponsive in her room at sorority house friday morning . police are awaiting autopsy and toxicology test reports , but no foul play is suspected . curlen was a sister at alpha phi sorority on campus . played volleyball at rye high school in rye , new york her 2013 graduating class lost three people in less than a year .
russell brand urges fans to sign up to mercy campaign for bali nine duo . brand dismisses andrew chan and myuran sukumaran s efforts to smuggle 8kg of heroin out of indonesia as daft . brand posted that the pair did not deserve to face a firing squad . he also encouraged fans to go to sukumaran s exhibition in london . his cousin organised the event at amnesty international headquarters .
email from mp toby perkins reveals that interns are paid 25 per week . that equates to 4 per day for putting in a 12 hour shift helping campaign . labour swore to up minimum wage and promote living wage in manifesto . party denies using interns and said the group are actually volunteers .
tottenham full back kyle walker sustained a foot injury against burnley . early fears that the foot was broken were allayed following scans . however , england international faces another four weeks out .
social media and smart phones cause a minefield of problems while dating . being clingy on facebook or constantly on your mobile can be off putting . femail provides ten tips for stress free dating .
mario suarez and marcelo will both be suspended for next week s champions league quarter final second leg . atletico madrid and real madrid played out a 0 0 draw on tuesday night . suarez wants a better referee for the return leg at the bernabeu . dani carvajal could face punishment for punching mario mandzukic .
sunderland face a fight to remain in the premier league after poor season . the black cats sit only three points above the drop zone . strugglers fell to humiliating 4 1 loss against crystal palace last weekend . sunderland are without a game this weekend before they travel to stoke .
pit crew member todd phillips was hit by a car on sunday during the inaugural indycar grand prix of louisiana . he was injured when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel . phillips received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released . dracone did not finish the race and wound up 23rd .
australia hooker nathan charles was born with cystic fibrosis . he has overcome the life threatening disease to pursue a rugby career . charles spoke about his experiences in a promotional video .
atletico madrid can only manage 2 2 la liga draw against malaga . fernando torres puts past his own goalkeeper before half time . antoine griezmann scores twice to spare atleti s blushes .
asylum seekers and refugees applying to be cab drivers are not checked . drivers usually undergo criminal records checks for the public s safety . those from outside the eu must provide reference from their home nation . but refugees and asylum seekers are exempt and may be serious criminals .
a contestant called tom left a lasting impression with viewers for all the wrong reasons on friday night . host alex trebek asked in common law , the age of this , signaling adulthood , is presumed to be 14 in boys 12 in girls ? . the first contestant to press his buzzer was tom who inexplicably answered what is the age of consent ? . the correct answer was puberty and tom s inappropiate reply left him trending on twitter .
caroline wozniacki will compete at the french open , which begins may 25 . danish star predicted she would play at roland garros when she was 11 . former world no 1 also revealed a sneak preview of her adidas outfit .
roma gang sold newborn baby to childless french couple in 2013 . gang received 6 , 500 and a car , but claims the boy was a gift . faked id to make it look like frenchwoman was baby s mother .
the geordie passenger was pulled aside at customs by security . six tubs of pease pudding , and several greggs pies were removed . staff thought the north east delicacy was the plastic explosive , semtex . pease pudding is made from split peas , boiled with onion and carrot .
branislav ivanovic s contract at chelsea expires at the end of next season . 31 year old has yet to open talks over a new deal at stamford bridge . petr cech is poised to leave chelsea at the end of the season .
cab driver sings along to pavarotti word perfectly and in tune . passenger is shocked and congratulates the man while filming .
pilgrims flock to see relic which is believed to have wrapped jesus body . 13th century cloth is imprinted with image of man who has been crucified . more than two million people visited shroud when it was last on display .
five stores in texas , california , florida and oklahoma have been closed . full time and part time employees will be put on paid leave for 2 months while they try to transfer to a different location . walmart said the stores will reopen after extensive problems are fixed . some employees in pico rivera , california believe their store was closed because it s become a protest center for higher wages .
companies will have to reveal names , ip addresses and residential addresses of 4 , 726 people who uploaded the film online illegally . this will allow the film s copyright holders to seek damages or court action . internet provider iinet warned they could demand up to 7000 . justice nye perram ruled that individuals privacy must be kept and all letters from the copyright holder must be sent to him first .
thomas bjorn s wayward shot flew into crowd of spectators . ball flew into lap of female fan but was able to take free drop . tom watson hit shot of the day from greenside bunker . masters 2015 golf friday s tee off times at augusta national . click here to follow the day two masters 2015 action .
a us naval officer suffered serious injuries after plunging off a balcony . guests at a perth hotel heard a disturbance between a man and a woman . police say the duo were involved in an altercation at about 1am on monday . it s understood the pair were both heavily intoxicated at the time . the man broke his legs and sustained internal injuries , reports say . the 22 year old was taken to hospital with non life threatening injuries . details of the incident have been handed to the us navy for investigation .
police found 20 grams of marijuana buried within a leg of lamb . northern territory police made find after officers smelled something suspicious . the stash is believed to be worth 2000 100 per gram because it was to be sold in remote communities in the australian outback . police said they will continue to crack down on sale of illegal drugs .
aaron finch had surgery on his left hamstring in melbourne . the australian opener is set to be out for up to three months . finch picked up the injury while playing in the indian premier league . the 28 year old was due to join yorkshire at the end of may . finch not named in australia squad for the ashes this summer .
the image was taken at sebastian inlet state park near vero beach , florida , by john bailey . bailey has said the bobcat caught the shark after entering the water . the bobcat might have been scared by his presence , since it scampered off toward the woods and let go of its find . a spokesman for the florida fish and wildlife conservation commission believes the image is genuine .
lib dems want only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars from 2040 . clegg says he wanted to tackle dangerous levels of air pollution in cities . launches 100million prize for firms who build first ultra low emission car .
brits spend 815 million a year to social media proof their wardrobe . survey shows that men spend more money than women . one third of brits admitted to buying new clothes to avoid multi tagging . blogger lily melrose says social media has changed the face of fashion .
qpr host chelsea at loftus road in sunday s west london derby . chris ramsey s side need points as they battle the drop with six games left . the qpr boss believes chelsea can afford a blip in race for the title .
cristiano ronaldo s 300th goal for real madrid came at rayo vallecano . the portugal man reached the landmark in only 288 games . he has scored more goals against sevilla than any other opponent . read ronaldo still some way behind pele in the one club scoring charts .
barack and michele obama s effective tax rate was 19 . 6 per cent . they made 70 , 712 in donations to 33 different charities . claimed a whopping 160 , 000 in itemized deductions . nearly 95 , 000 in income came from sales of the president s books .
the noose , made of rope , was discovered on campus about 2 a . m . . hundreds of people gathered wednesday afternoon to show solidarity against racism . duke official says to unknown perpetrator you wanted to create fear but the opposite will happen .
serge gnabry impressed for arsenal last season before suffering injury . midfielder has been out for more than a year after with serious knee injury . gnabry played 90 minutes for arsenal development squad on monday . germany under 21 international says he is feeling better and better . read arsenal have doubts over signing liverpool star raheem sterling .
sidonie , a well known group from catalonia , created and sang mid flight . the anti ryanair song was crafted about flight attendants lack of respect . ryanair , in response , has slammed the song s out of tune vocals and average lyrics . since being posted on march 27 , the video has been viewed 24 , 000 times .
serena williams struggled to beat sara errani during fed cup clash . world no 1 williams eventually defeated errani 4 6 7 6 3 6 3 . williams lost doubles match alongside alison riske 6 0 6 3 .
rilie , four , heard the song at preschool and was performing it at dinner . her eyes filled with tears before she sobbed with her arm over her face . mom jessica carey posted the video on facebook and youtube .
england drew 1 1 against italy in friendly at juventus stadium on tuesday . graziano pelle gave italy a deserved lead as england struggled in first half . wayne rooney admits the players were upset at the first half display . england improved and equalised through andros townsend after break .
manchester united have robin van persie back fit for sunday . the holland striker has been missing since february 21 . it is unlikely that van persie will make united s starting xi against city . as united and city go head to head , we ask just how manc is the derby ? . click here for the latest manchester united news .
ronda rousey was at the fast furious 7 premiere in los angeles . the ufc champion features in the blockbuster film , released on april 3 . the appearance follows her starring role in wwe wrestlemania 31 . her agent has said the wwe performance was a one off occasion . click here for all the latest ufc news .
reading face arsenal at wembley on saturday in fa cup semi final . aston villa and liverpool clash in second semi final on sunday . chelsea and manchester united clash in premier league on saturday night .
the illusion is the work of german body painting artist joerg duesterwald , who spent hours painting his model . stunning set of pictures was taken in front of a rockface in a forest in langenfeld , germany , yesterday .
lidia quilligana was arrested in danbury , connecticut after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3 year old girl . she was also caught allegedly burning the legs , arms and hands of the girl on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain . quilligana , who is being held on 1million bail and charged with first degree assault and criminal mischief , has said these charges are untrue . the family set up a nanny cam in december 2014 after they became suspicious of quilligana .
arsenal knocked off top spot for the first time since post war era . gunners were promoted from the second division in the 1914 15 season . afc bournemouth will usurp them in alphabetical order at start of 2015 16 . bournemouth effectively secured promotion to premier league on monday .
manchester city are interested in arsenal midfielder jack wilshere . but arsene wenger insists the england international is not for sale . wilshere , abou diaby and mikel arteta passed fit for burnley clash . laurent koscielny facing fitness test on injury sustained against liverpool .
lyrid meteor display is visible in skies across the globe every year in april , and has been observed for 2 , 700 years . number of meteors is unpredictable , usually peaking at around five to 20 an hour , but has reached 100 per hour . graeme whipps captured this image of meteors passing through the skies over pitcaple in aberdeenshire yesterday .
the value of the bounty in american dollars is about 774 , 000 . al qaeda in the arabian peninsula wants a houthi leader and a former yemeni president killed or captured .
porto hold a 3 1 first leg advantage over german giants bayern munich . manager julen lopetegui insists porto must be on top form to progress . porto players appeared in high spirits during training at the allianz arena .
psg defender zoumana camara was celebrating his birthday on friday . he posed for a photo with a cake after training ahead of facing marseille . david luiz and ezequiel lavezzi dipped camara s face into the cake . psg face marseille in an important clash at the top of ligue 1 on sunday .
brazilian neymar took to instagram to show off his skills to his followers . quick footed barcelona attacker impressed for the filming camera . neymar will be hoping to show off that trickery away against sevilla . barcelona currently sit four points clear of rivals real madrid at the top .
piglet was born in china with only two front legs has learned to walk . villagers have flocked to see the two legged animal in qionglai city . a video released online and has captured the hearts of thousands .
toby escaped out the back gate from his wendy stokes garden in kent . he was picked up by a driver on a nearby road and taken to a rescue centre . six months later he was re homed with a couple in margate 22 miles away . toby had stokes written on his shell so the couple tried calling every stokes in kent before reuniting him with wendy 11 months after escape .
in the murder trial of james holmes , 12 jurors and 12 alternates have been selected . the mostly middle aged group includes 19 women and five men . jury selection started in january opening statements are scheduled to begin on april 27 .
paige vanzant won every round , recording a win by 30 27 , 30 26 and 30 26 . the 21 year old was having just her second fight in the ufc . vanzant has been tipped as one of the next stars of the promotion . she said it feels like her birthday whenever she walks out into the cage .
air canada flight aca 877 set out from frankfurt airport , germany . pilot contacted shannon after disturbance caused on board . irish police confirm 87 year old woman was taken into custody and then released without charge this morning .
two teenagers arrested on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism . boy , 14 , and girl , 16 , arrested after police raids on thursday and friday . girl was arrested in longsight , manchester , and boy was held in blackburn .
hans wilhelm muller wohlfahrt quit as bayern munich doctor this week . the 72 year old had worked at the bundesliga club for nearly 40 years . he said the medical department had been blamed for porto defeat . pep guardiola has denied there was a dispute and has taken responsibility for bayern munich s champions league loss .
adrian schaffner skis at speed with pet dog on his shoulders . dog called sintha appears content and leans into the wind . video concludes with dog jumping off and running in snow . footage was captured in ski resort in val m stair , switzerland .
fullips device was created by linda gomez and her daughter krystle . works by creating a mini vacuum while you suck on the apparatus . charlotte griffiths puts the suction thimble that is sold for 30 to the test .
body of woman believed to be celilia powell was discovered at her home . her son david powell , 73 , has been charged with the 95 year old s murder . police called to the scene in stoke on trent on thursday at about 8pm .
a new national survey analysed the travel habits of australian parents . the study revealed one in five nsw families sedate their kids on long trips . the drug commonly used is known to cause breathing difficulties in kids . the medical community said the practice is dangerous for children .
meghan blalock , 29 , is the managing editor for popular style website who what wear . she says that her obsession with losing weight began when she was bullied as a young child and eventually it became an addiction .
pilot zachary cain stickler , 34 , charged with domestic violence . intentionally crashed plane into a field day after pleading not guilty . texted friends and family before crash of his plans to kill himself . for confidential help , call the national suicide prevention lifeline at 1 800 273 8255 or click here . for confidential support on suicide matters in the uk , call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here .
adam johnson charged with three offences of sexual activity with girl , 15 . winger also facing charge of grooming and had been bailed until may 20 . sunderland chiefs held talks thursday night to discuss johnson s future . read johnson charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child . read johnson s sunderland future in doubt .
the government will scrap the religious exemption from welfare benefits . scott morrison has announced parents will be cut from childcare benefits if they do n t immunise their children . the welfare ban comes into force from january 1 , 2016 . parents who refuse to immunised their kids are set to lose up to 15 , 000 . these include family tax benefit a as well as childcare assistance . scott morrison said rules around welfare payments need to be tightened .
ibrahim ahmad , a senior at la center high in washington state , was suspended five days and will miss saturday s prom .
australian mp andrew robb says he would put a pen in his mouth to smile . government minister did so to trick his brain into releases endorphins . mr robb battled depression much of his life , before seeking help in 2009 . prevention and treatment of mental illness is key , says labor s anna burke .
dontrell stephens was paralyzed from waist down after the 2013 shooting . shot by palm beach county sheriff s office deputy adam lin in florida . then 20 year old had nothing in his hand but a cellphone during incident . state officials ruled the shooting was justified after an investigation . lin returned to work just four days after the south florida shooting . 114 people shot at by a palm beach county sheriff s deputy since 2000 .
the sentences came after a trial in pakistan , a judge says . malala yousafzai is an outspoken advocate for the education of girls . she was attacked in pakistan in 2012 .
josh meekings was given a retrospective one match ban for a handball . the incident was n t punished in inverness s scottish cup win over celtic . the ban , which is being appealed , would rule meekings out of the cup final . celtic wrote to the sfa asking why why no penalty or red card followed . jim boyce said he was speaking in a personal capacity , not for fifa .
the scottish fa have failed in their attempt to have the punishment handed to rangers steve simonsen for betting increased . simonsen served a one game ban after betting on a total of 50 games in a year , but the scottish fa felt this was too lenient . the goalkeeper s legal team were able to construct an effective counter case .
nabil bentaleb is locked in talks with tottenham over a new contract . tottenham are keen on tying the algeria international to new deal . spurs plan on offering bentaleb new 35 , 000 per week deal . clubs from across europe are monitoring bentaleb s situation . read danny rose wanted by man city but spurs will fight to keep him .
sawyer sweeten played across from his twin brother and their sister as the children of ray and patricia barone . report sweeten was visiting family in texas and is believed to have shot himself .
sales of islamic books in france three times higher in first quarter of 2015 . increase coincides with the deadly paris terror attacks where 17 were killed . publisher specialising in islamic books says sales have shot up by 30 . company says same thing happened in the wake of the september 11 attacks .
jockey blake shinn lost his pants while riding down the home straight . the pants went . . . and there was nothing i could do , shinn says . shinn , atop miss royale , only managed to finish second in the race . acting chief steward greg rudolph said he had never seen anything like it .
transport for london used actors in the uncomfortable campaign video . encourages women to report sexual harassment on public transport . one in ten londoners have fallen victim and 90 of cases are not reported .
ivy nightclub has come under fire for playing music during anzac day service . irate crowds who attended the service said the loud dance music interrupted the service at least five times . the club has blamed a contractor who was preparing for an event at the club later today . a spokesman for the club said the contractor was immediately terminated this morning .
the young elephant tramples its mother while attempt to climb her . it then considers sitting on her before clambering off the other end . throughout the entire ordeal the 22 year old mother remains docile . video was captured by a visitor to albuquerque s abq biopark zoo .
chelsea winger victor moses has spent the season on loan at stoke city . nigeria international has returned to stamford bridge for injury treatment . potters are chasing daniel wass , javier hernandez and lee cattermole .
manny pacquiao has released music video named i m fighting for filipinos . the filipino boxer directed footage which shows poverty in the philippines . pacquiao will go toe to toe with floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 . read pacquiao takes his training to the great outdoors as he jogs in la . read mayweather vs pacquiao referee to earn 10 , 000 6 , 800 on may 2 .
willingness to learn is significantly influence by our genes . study was by goldsmiths university in london and ohio state university . more than 13 , 000 twins aged nine to 16 took part in the research . but there is no specific gene for how much children enjoy learning .
biologists at goethe university frankfurt , germany , studied skin healing in fruit fly embryos using an electron microscope to watch what happened . skin cells use microscopic tubes to pull towards each other and interlock . researchers hope it may help develop new treatments to speed up healing .
lee keeley flew into a rage after a civil case in lincoln went against him . 38 year old chased girlfriend around court and even threw a chair at her . after finally pinning her to the wall he hit her then stamped on her head . judge at crown court sentencing says his behaviour was outrageous .
the officers have been placed on administrative leave after shocking video footage surfaced of them harassing a group of four students . the incident occurred at el centro college in dallas and was captured on cell phone by student charles adams . footage shows the young men being ordered to face a brick wall , while one cop searched , questioned , and even hit one of the teens . el centro college president jose adames has said a full investigation is underway .
rekha nagvanshi was angered that her in laws interfered in her marriage . they had stopped her husband from doing chores around the marital home . she then began urinating in the teapot from which she served them tea . but she was caught when her mother in law found her squatting over pot .
comedian ricky gervais led an online charge against rebecca francis . the brit shared a picture of the grandmother lying next to her trophy . caused to an online backlash against francis with 14 , 543 retweeting post . francis is proud of hunting and hopes to inspire more women to take part .
liverpool were beaten 4 1 by arsenal at the emirates stadium on saturday . mario balotelli was absent from the squad due to a training ground knock . brendan rodgers revealed balotelli withdrew himself from the team . the italian did not even travel with the team for the premier league clash .
driver crashed his uninsured sports car into a tree on wednesday night . the ferrari was reportedly purchased by the owner only a week ago . a male passenger was also seriously injured in the crash . the 1991 ferrari 348 is worth between 90k and 110k . the passenger was conscious and was taken to flinders medical centre .
death row records mogul appealed to reduce 10m bail , was denied . but he is sure floyd mayweather will win on saturday and bail him out . the boxer is already worth 420 million , set to get record pay this weekend . knight had to be wheeled out of court after being denied bail cut .
manchester united will embark on a short tour of america this summer . they are likely to spend 12 days on the west coast , staying in one place . united will defend their international champions cup title . louis van gaal has avoided a lengthy , energy sapping tour this year . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
timberlake and biel welcome son silas randall timberlake . the couple announced the pregnancy in january .
cctv towers will monitor the border between poland and kaliningrad . towers will range from 115ft to 164ft and cost 2 . 5 million to build . moscow has announced they are set to place missiles in the exclave . both nato and russia are carrying out military exercises in the baltic .
arsenal winger theo walcott was joined by his team mates for photoshoot . walcott and six of his arsenal colleagues were showing off club suits . the england ace was joined by calum chambers , jack wilshere , mikel arteta , david ospina , mathieu flamini and mesut ozil . walcott has been named on the bench for 17 of arsenal s league games . read walcott needs to look wenger in the eye and discuss future .
adam leheup ran fitness 535 in columbia , south carolina and was a devoted youth ministry teacher and worked as a property manager . her husband benji was just minutes behind when she collapsed and was rushed to a hospital , where she died for reasons that remain unclear . glover was an avid fitness fan who , only just a month ago had run the myrtle beach marathon .
qpr manager chris ramsey is the premier league s only black manager . he supports john barnes claim that black bosses ca n t find second clubs . ramsey says he believes covert racism continues in football boardrooms . rangers boss endorses rooney rule introduction to raise awareness .
abdul hadi arwani found dead in his perfectly parked car on tuesday . gunman probably used a silencer and chose an area away from cctv . father of six from acton , west london , had links to muslim brotherhood .
richard eckersley started his career with manchester united . but the defender played only two premier league games for the red devils . eckersley recently left new york red bulls and is training with elche .
david wihby , 61 , has been new hampshire senator kelly ayotte s state director for the last year . he was arrested on friday on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and stepped down from his government role on saturday . he was one of ten men arrested in the last week by nashua , new hampshire , police in prostitution sting . ayotte said in a statement that she was shocked and deeply saddened by wihby s arrest .
ten per cent leave their documents , letters and mementos around in piles . survey of 2 , 000 britons found that only six per cent back up papers online . just under half asked said they used filing cabinets or safes for documents .
tim sherwood has a close relationship with qpr manager chris ramsey . sherwood could ask ramsey to join him at villa if he departs qpr . sherwood also revealed his wish for darren bent to be at villa park .
argentina claims british exploration around falklands for oil is illegitimate . the country says it will mount a legal challenge but has ruled out a conflict . comment sparks furious reaction from foreign secretary philip hammond .
new study reveals the average person s friends circle peaks at age of 26 . women are most popular at 25 and men hit their friendship high at 27 . research also showed social networks facebook and twitter are crucial .
l hermione is a painstaking replica of an 18th century ship of the same name . the original fought with american colonists against the british in the revolutionary war .
toto wolff says the mercedes drivers may be unhappy with some calls . lewis hamilton and nico rosberg have fallen out after the chinese gp . ferrari are proving tough competition and wolff says they must win .
eden hazard showed off his tricks for rio ferdinand s 5 magazine . chelsea star left his marker in knots on four occasions in a video . hazard s step overs , turns and his sharp control are fully on display . belgian star s chelsea face arsenal at the emirates stadium on sunday . read chelsea fans storm emirates stadium to play practical joke .
ulrike berger , 44 , flew to germany with daughter kaia on march 22 . the seven year old had been dropped off by her father the day before . custody court order prevents berger , a german national , from leaving the country with kaia .
winger yannick bolasie has excelled under new manager alan pardew . pardew is hoping winger will learn that the grass is not always greener . wilfried zaha left when he was handed dream move to manchester united . but that move went sour and pardew hopes bolasie will learn from zaha .
gang member was intended target of shooting which shocked uk in 2011 . rival criminals instead shot thusha kamaleswaran , who was paralysed . four years on , gang member admits horrific knife point burglary . he and an accomplice are locked up for targeting two women .
laurent stefanini , 55 , asked to represent france to the catholic church . homosexual diplomat s appointment met with silence from the vatican . catholic , stefanini was number two at france s vatican mission from 2001 . in 2013 the pope seemed to speak out against the vatican s anti gay stance .
the bodies of the six soldiers were found buried in a farmer s field in belgium in 2008 and 2010 . efforts to identify the men were unsuccessful so their gravestones will be marked known unto god . the men , who died in october 1914 , were reburied in prowse point cemetery with full military honours . their graves will sit alongside those of more than 200 other commonwealth soldiers in the cemetery .
toby alderweireld has impressed during season long loan at southampton . ronald koeman s side are challenging for champions league places . but atletico madrid says they are counting on alderweireld for next season . sporting director jose luis perez caminero praises belgian defender .
kenneth crowder , 41 , was arrested on friday in melbourne , florida . he was spotted running naked in a neighborhood shouting he was god . police shocked him with a taser twice , but each time he pulled the probes out of his body and attempted to fight the officer . he was arrested on charges of battery on a law enforcement officer and resisting with violence .
kim min hyeok has been accused of stamping on an opponent s face . video footage appears to show hyeok s foot scraping mu kanazaki s face . kanazaki was among the goals in a 3 1 win for his kashima antlers side .
cesc fabregas wore protective face mask during chelsea clash with qpr . midfielder scored the winning goal as chelsea claimed a 1 0 victory . spaniard broke his nose in a challenge with charlie adam last saturday . chelsea midfielder travelled to italy to have a protective mask fitted . ortholabsport have also made masks for petr cech and fernando torres .
ronnie o sullivan says he would love to be new top gear presenter . the five time world snooker champion has an affection for cars . o sullivan has appeared as a guest on the show in the past . the 39 year old plays matthew stevens in the second round .
javier hernandez scored winner against atletico madrid on wednesday . the mexico international is on loan at real madrid from manchester united . hernandez does not feature in louis van gaal s plans for next season . the striker , who will have one year left on his contract , would cost 7m .
cricketing great richie benaud has been farewelled at small private funeral . the sydney service was attended only by immediate family . richie benaud died aged 84 last friday from cancer . commentary box colleagues and cricketing greats gathered afterwards for memorial .
incident occurred wednesday night near hebrew university in jerusalem , police say . one victim , a 26 year old man , has died a 20 year old woman is in serious condition . the suspect is a 37 year old arab from east jerusalem , israeli police say .
rafa benitez won the champions league and fa cup with liverpool . but the spaniard is little more than a cup manager , lacking league titles . liverpool fans are grateful to benitez for his successes . but the kop faithful wo n t mind him coming back to england with new club .
inter milan are keen on signing man city s stevan jovetic on loan deal . the italian outfit want to have option of signing jovetic for 15m . roberto mancini is also keen on sealing reunion with yaya toure . read manchester city will miss toure when he decides to leave .
mountain bike athletes were captured as they took giant leaps at portland rock , near weymouth in dorset . group are made up of renowned professional trial bike riders , jack gear , 25 , andrei burton , 29 and joe seddon , 19 . bikers seemed unfazed as sea crashed 10 metres below them while they jumped from one jagged rock to another .
a proposed ban on alcohol in indonesia could deter australians from bali . the number of aussie tourists visiting the island continues to rise . mini marts would be the initial focus of the alcohol ban . but it will not apply to certain tourist locations including five star hotels . the proposal could become law as early as the end of this year if backed by president joko widodo .
gregory van der wiel does n t want to leave psg in the summer window . the dutchman revealed his love for the club and his team mates . psg continue to be linked with a move for barcelona full back dani alves .
reanne evans faces ken doherty in world championship qualifier . she lost the first frame 71 15 against the 1997 world champion . evans replied well , winning the next three before the mid session interval . but doherty fought back and leads 5 4 at the midway point . click here to follow reanne evans vs ken doherty live .
two contestants on countdown came up with the same word during game . co presenter rachel riley looked embarrassed as she spelt out erection . host nick hewer failed to stifle his laughter during the awkward moment .
mcc reveals plans to replace the tired tavern and allen stands at lord s . the redevelopment will increase the overall capacity to almost 30 , 000 . completion is scheduled for 2019 , in time for the world cup and ashes .
louise nesbitt was employed as an office bookkeeper at a perth company . she mistakenly sent a text message to boss calling him a complete d . it was sent on january 12 last year and she was fired for gross misconduct . the long time employee claims it was meant to be a light hearted insult . but the fair work commission ruled against her , saying text was hurtful .
jolyon palmer will drive in every friday practice session for lotus . the bit is determined to seize his chance with the team . in china , he was only 0 . 6 seconds behind pastor maldonado .
tourist used an eyeliner pencil to write her name and the day s date . italian media said the pencil did not leave any permanent marks . famous renaissance dome was designed by architect filippo brunelleschi . last month two americans were charged for defacing the colosseum .
mr yuan was in the accident on march 24 and has been in hospital since . one girl had been dating him for nine years and another had a son with him . police have now launched an investigation into allegations of fraud .
alassan gobitaca , known as al the jumper , completed the stunt . gobitaca has previously jumped a lamborghini and a motorbike . the daredevil jumper is a swedish guinness world record holder . gobitaca represented sweden in tv show world s most talented .
steffon armitage was named european player of the year last season . billy vunipola was superb for saracens during his season s tournament . nick abendanon has starred for 2015 finalists clermont .
beatriz paez was walking sunday when she saw police activity . she says marshals told her to stop recording but she refused . marshals service said it is looking into incident after man took her phone and smashed it .
two bedroom property first rented by len and beatrice barnes in 1915 . brought it 40 years later for 350 before passing it to daughter freda . family have now all moved away and house is on market for 164 , 500 .
angelina santini from san diego , california , filmed her son marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day . the comical clip shows the youngster lurching back and forth with the device almost touching the floor .
roma stadium will be part closed for game against atalanta april 19 . supporters displayed banner taunting mother whose son died in clashes between napoli and roma fans after coppa italia final last year . antonella leardi started a campaign against football violence after the death of her son ciro esposito .
the key for easter indulgence is noting our energy in and energy out . for four mini easter eggs it would take 30 40 minutes of walking to work off . two hot cross buns without butter take up to 50 minutes of running . it is advised that we manage our energy consumption instead of working it off after it has been taken in .
swansea midfielder tom carroll is on a season long loan from tottenham . the 22 year old has featured 18 times for the swans this season . carroll could be out for up to six weeks after injuring his ankle . he scored the only goal during england u21s win against czech republic .
toddler filmed beating her chest at the silverback at a nebraska zoo . gorilla then takes a run at the glass and hits it with such force it cracks . the footage captures the terrified family running for their lives . video of thursday s incident has got 126 , 000 views since it was uploaded .
charlie adam scored stoke s equaliser against chelsea from 66 yards out . stoke ended up losing 2 1 against chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday . the loss was stoke s third in a row but adam backs them to return to form .
philippe saint andre succeeded marc lievremont as france coach in 2011 . lievremont had led les bleus to the world cup final that year . since taking charge , saint andre has won just 15 of his 37 games . saint andre will remain in charge for the forthcoming world cup . begles bordeaux coach rapahael ibanez is favourite for the job .
michael phelps was suspended by usa swimming following arrest . american is entered in five events at this week s arena pro swim series . phelps rival ryan lochte has entered into the same five events .
dillard was the first of the duggar daughters to be married . her 9 pound , 10 ounce son was overdue .
rare set of female quintuplets was born this month in houston , texas . the girls were born via c section at 28 weeks and two days . another family kept the news of twins secret until birth .
aer lingus flight ei 660 to vienna was forced to return to dublin mid air . the event happened yesterday just after two ryanair planes had collided . it was confirmed to be due to technical issues and no one was harmed .
michael phelps is the most successful ever olympian with 18 gold medals . phelps was banned from swimming in september following arrest . american swimmer will compete in arizona next week in comeback .
officer aaron stringer , of bakersfield , california , accused by trainee cop . said to have played around with corpse of ramiro james villegas , 22 . villegas had been shot dead by police earlier that day after a car chase . trainee officer lindy degeare said stringer took her into a morgue . allegedly said he loves playing with dead bodies and asked her not to tell . stringer , who was put on leave , was ultimately not charged by prosecutors . however , family of villegas said they are close to filing a suit of their own .
tottenham full back kyle walker sustained a foot injury following a collision with burnley s kieran trippier during the draw at turf moor on sunday . early fears that the foot was broken have been allayed following scans . spurs are hopeful that the england international will return soon .
thief stole 124 watches from vintage watch shop in hampstead , london . he scaled two storey building before slipping through a 4sq ft roof vent . then squeezed down narrow chute and snaked along floor to avoid beam . owner simon drachman compared saturday night heist to tom cruise film .
yan tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating you pan . but two years on and she has ballooned to almost double her weight . you splashed out on meals everyday in a plan to keep her by his side . he has now proposed to yan and promised to keep on feeding her .
crown princess mary was in aabenraa in southern denmark on thursday . event marked the 75th anniversary of the invasion by germany in 1940 . tasmanian born royal wore chic black ensemble with grey accessories . busy week for royals with birthday celebrations for queen margarethe ii .
u . n . says suicide attacks on mass groups of civilians may be labeled as war crimes . taliban condemns the attack , which isis took credit for . the bomber targeted government workers picking up their pay , isis said in a statement .
the fight broke out at store in the city s rittenhouse square neighborhood . it went on for several minutes while witnesses both watched and filmed . the police were called but all the women had departed by time they arrived . an investigation is ongoing and the cause of the fight remains unclear .
ellie laing spoke out against claims of being hired for looks alone . the australian claimed jim carroll only employed pretty , anglo celtic girls . the article claims sbs is having an attractive overhaul to boost ratings . it s believed karen middleton sbs political reporter s departure comes after she did n t fit the bill . laing said article did not take into account decade of working damn hard . told daily mail australia that reaction to her letter has been supportive .
alice barker was a dancer in the 1930s and 40s . thanks to filmmakers , barker now 102 finally saw herself dance .
phil jagielka visited chaophraya restaurant with sponsors chang beer . the everton skipper had a cookery lesson with thai chef kim kaewkraikhot . england defender jagielka was pleased that he did n t burn anything down . the toffees take on swansea on saturday looking for a fourth win in a row .
chef sam longhurst of splendid kitchen manchester created the burger . the 10 inch tall whole damn farm burger weighs half a kilogram . two beef burgers , chicken thigh , pulled pork , bacon , ham and bacon jam .
atletico madrid host real madrid in champions league quarter final . diego simeone s side have not lost to their city rivals in six games . former chelsea striker fernando torres has hailed manager s influence .
jessica wright stars in the lingerie brand s resort collection . hotel summers includes several colourful swimwear pieces . curvy jess is the first celebrity to front an ann summers campaign .
fernando torres hailed steven gerrard as the best he ever played with . the 31 year old struck up a friendship with gerrard while at liverpool . torres has never quite rekindled his top form since leaving anfield . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
man found on the street in western poland who only speaks english . the 6ft3in ginger haired man has no memory of where he is from . he told police he has no idea why he is in poland or how he got there .
cassandra cassidy , 24 , shot outside rehab centre where she worked . she had stopped to help two women who were afraid of men in a car . fashion student was shot as a car with multiple occupants drove past . boyfriend of two years describes her as avid supporter of human rights .
the owner of the cooden beach hotel has apologised to guests and staff . almost everyone who has visited in the last two weeks has fallen ill . a warning sign has been posted on the door of the hotel in bexhill on sea . health officials said they have eight confirmed cases of norovirus .
fabian orellana was angered by sergio busquets time wasting tactics . celta vigo striker threw lump of turf towards the barcelona star . barcelona needed a jeremy mathieu header to earn 1 0 win .
arsenal and liverpool fans left seats empty at kick off as part of a protest . supporter groups say they are disgusted at premier league ticket prices . more protests are expected after the lunchtime kick off at the emirates .
the couple are in their 50s and from cleveland , ohio . ship with 1 , 500 passengers aboard left tampa , florida , for a two week caribbean cruise on sunday . the bodies were discovered thursday when crew members checked on the couple in their stateroom .
hundreds of patrons at resort world casino started brawling friday night . fists , metal poles and chairs flew as gangs tore around the premises . fight reportedly broke out at 10 . 30 pm after two women clashed in a lineq . three people were arrested in the aftermath of the brawl .
seals were at joint expeditionary base little creek fort story in virginia . they were found at bottom of the pool by another service member at 3pm . personnel use base s combat swimmer training facility for fitness training . sailor pronounced dead at hospital and other is listed in critical condition .
a woman at an ohio walmart says an officer forced her to sit in her car after she left her dog sitting in the parking lot april 12 . last year , a truth or consequences , new mexico woman filed a complaint alleging a similar mistreatment .
lee tomlin s superb solo effort gave middlesbrough a 50th minute lead . patrick bamford doubled the hosts lead on 66 minutes . bamford could have made it 3 0 but saw his penalty saved late on . win moves middlesbrough on to 78 points in the championship in fourth .
harry redknapp left his position as qpr manager in february . he went to the emirates to watch arsenal v liverpool as a spectator . after the game , he was attacked with coins and verbally abused by arsenal fans while he was stuck in traffic trying to leave the stadium . redknapp claims the small minority of fans spoil it for the rest .
woman reported someone had been run over , but victim was a squirrel . another man dialled 999 to say he dropped a burger which was bleeding . east of england ambulance service warned hoax calls can cost lives .
chelsea star eden hazard made his 100th top flight appearance at qpr . he s scored 35 league goals and assisted 25 times since signing in 2012 . jose mourinho insists hazard must win pfa player of the year award .
demi moore and bruce willis purchased the south tower penthouse at the san remo in 1990 , in addition to a maisonette on the lobby floor . moore appears to have won the penthouse in the couple s 2000 split . she is now selling the 14 room penthouse at a 75million asking price , since she does n t spend much time at the home anymore . if it sells at that price , it will break the record for most expensive upper west side co op ever sold . moore and willis were married for 13 years and share three daughters .
man was driving to visit his elderly mother when he saw injured woman . said he did n t stop because he did n t want the inconvenience . returned to find that woman was his mother , and she died from her injuries . drivers in china often reluctant to stop at accidents for fear of getting sued themselves .
andy king scored his 50th goal to earn leicester three points . estaban cambiasso s goal had been cancelled out by cheick kouyate . nigel pearson praises his goalscorer who he brought of the bench .
the 29 year old attended the ivy chelsea garden launch party with friend . prince harry s ex looked fresh faced and in high spirits at the london party . paired chiffon top with slim fitting navy trousers and tan wedges .
bastian schweinsteiger has been suffering with a virus . franck ribery is n t yet fully fit after five week absence with ankle injury . arjen robben , medhi benatia and david alaba are all sidelined .
livingston stake on alloa athletic in the final of the petrofac cup on sunday . midfielder darren cole is in mourning after the recent death of his cousin shaun , who died in miami from a suspected hit and run . livingston boss mark burchill believes that cole can overcome his heartbreak to play for his side against alloa .
kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , pennsylvania , has been arrested . he allegedly sexually abused a girl in her home and filmed her in bathroom . the girl also claims rebbie watched her undress and when he thought she was sleeping . investigators found 41 videos , 34 of which showed victims as they showered . rebbie said that he purchased the camera specifically to watch the 15 year old girl but captured other victims on film , too . rebbie s is being held on a 500 , 000 bail and will appear in court on may 1 .
bob arum pulls plug on phone interview after too many people on the call . manny pacquiao answers very good to a question before interview ended . floyd mayweather is due for his final conference call this wednesday . mayweather i am better than muhammad ali and sugar ray robinson . read mayweather pacquiao weigh in will be first ever with paid for tickets .
cosmin moti kung fu kicked stefan nikolic during a bulgarian league game . the ludogorets defender was n t punished as the referee waved played on . moti is also well known for saving two penalties in the champions league .
stephen akers belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons . but the council leader was pictured the same day aboard hms warrior . the mayor was dismissed for his care manager role for gross misconduct . akers belcher claims he has actually been sacked for whistle blowing .
the van had stopped after syed viqaruddin asked for a toilet break . once stopped , another prisoner tried to take a gun off one of the officers . a scuffle ensued and the 17 policemen guarding the group opened fire . the prisoners thought to be part of the same terrorist group all died . leader viqaruddin is alleged to have killed two police officers .
a poll of 600 executives was conducted by yougov for gsm london . the biggest pet peeve was spelling or grammatical errors on the cv . brevity is valued , with employers disliking waffling resumes .
galaxy quest tv series in the works . show would be based on the cult classic 1999 sci fi comedy .
aljaz bedene wins first round of qualifying for casablanca open . beats frenchman maxime chazal in straight sets 6 3 6 2 in morocco . bedene is now british no 2 behind andy murray after switch .
thai airways subsidiary thai smile features cartoon network paint job on a320 jet . overhead bins , head rests and air sick bags feature characters from cartoon network .
emir spahic sacked with immediate effect by bayer leverkusen . the defender was seen brawling with security officials last weekend . spahic has accepted responsibility and leaves the german side .
several top sides are keen on signing german teenager julian weigl . tottenham have stepped up their interest in the 1860 munich midfielder . however spurs face stiff competition from juventus and dortmund .
djokovic wins monte carlo masters . defeats berdych 7 5 , 4 6 , 6 3 . djokovic had earlier beaten clay expert nadal in semis .
eric cantona stars in a french film called you and the night . the film includes a scene with cantona on all fours in just his pants . the former manchester united midfielder says it is not a porn film . cantona says of the film it s a piece of art . . . it s beautiful . read cantona whipped in film based around an orgy . cantona man utd will be in title race next season under louis van gaal .
chinese teenager li hao tong emerged to take the lead on 12 under par . overnight leader kiradech aphibarnrat two shots behind with two to play . aphibarnrat forced a play off to take his second european tout title .
louis van gaal wanted ander herrera to control the ball before shooting . van gaal was delighted by the composure for herrera s first goal . the manchester united boss said he kissed herrera at half time .
andrew cole revealed he went out for dinner on saturday with four of his former manchester united team mates . cole was joined by ryan giggs , paul scholes , gary neville and nicky butt . manchester united fell to a 1 0 defeat by premier league leaders chelsea .
the black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the clarence j . brown dam and reservoir in ohio on saturday . footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in cold waters .
steam engines draw crowds at the world s busiest heritage railway as north yorkshire moors begins its spring gala . train enthusiasts will ride aboard seven trains between pickering and whitby over the course of the three day event . teams of firemen , fitters and cleaners prepared the steam engines this morning ahead of the family favourite gala .
pekingese dogs marley and mitzy were taken from garden in doncaster . suspected pet napper caught on camera after the animals were snatched . theft reported to the police and owners offer 1 , 000 reward for their return .
adorable creature imitates a lizard after waking up from a nap in the sun . photographer ranajit roy spent five minutes taking the cute photographs . i was definitely in the right place at the right time , says 19 year old .
fifa have been investigating games from the run up to 2010 world cup . south african national team games under suspicion since 2011 . players not suspected of wrong doing , but referees implicated .
newcastle owner mike ashley owns 9 . 82 per cent stake in rangers . rangers were fined 5 , 500 by scottish fa for breaching two rules . ashley was himself fined 7 , 500 last month concerning dual ownership .
raheem sterling hopes the liverpool fans will soon be chanting his name . sterling has been stalling on a new 100 , 000 a week contract offer . the 20 year old admits he loved the song fans had for luis suarez . read sterling pictured smoking shisha pipe as star courts controversy . read jordon ibe on the verge of signing new liverpool contract .
the brothers are believed to have fallen in the water by accident . police searched water from 9 . 45 am to 11 . 45 am before finding them . they were flown to yuma hospital where they were pronounced dead .
the penalty is more than 10 times the previous record , according to a newspaper report . utility commission to force pacific gas electric co . to make infrastructure improvements . company apologizes for explosion that killed 8 , says it is using lessons learned to improve safety .
ander herrera and juan mata have both scored braces in recent games . mata scored two goals in manchester united win over liverpool . herrera followed up with a two goal haul against aston villa on saturday . as united and city go head to head , we ask just how manc is the derby ? . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
jamie robbins raided a select n save shop in birmingham last january . case was not solved until he walked into a police station and confessed . 35 year old was sentenced to four and a half years on thursday .
mary murphy , 66 , and john wood , 67 , died falling down stairs at her home . pensioner is believed to have come to aid of her partner , 67 , who tripped . detectives described the incident as extremely bizarre and tragic . ms murphy , a regular worshipper , was described as kind and well liked .
barcelona b winger moha el ouriachi set to reject a new deal at club . the player s agent says they have an irresistible offer from stoke city . stoke have already signed bojan krkic and marc muniesa from catalans . pacey winger el ouriachi , 19 , has represented spain at youth level .
bill passes 92 to 8 passage came just hours before cuts to physicians would have taken place . gop presidential candidates ted cruz and marco rubio vote against the bill , candidate rand paul votes for it .
a catholic priest has called for the gay panic laws to be removed . an archbishop said he supports the homicide defence to be scrapped . homosexual advance defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the defendant establishes their victim came on to them .
yaya toure has been linked with a transfer with inter milan and psg keen . the manchester city midfielder has struggled for form this season . agent dimitri seluk said club must make the ivory coast star feel wanted . seluk said toure is a club legend and money is n t their motivation . read manchester city will miss yaya toure when he goes .
hat trick in the prestigious london press club awards is unprecedented . judges said a rare feat was fully deserved and praised all round quality . front page which revealed truth about feminist t shirts worn by ed miliband and harriet harman earned a nomination for scoop of the year . literary critic craig brown was nominated as arts reviewer of the year .
septum rings are a new craze among celebrities . fka twigs started the trend after appearing at red carpet events with one . it has been used in various asian and north american cultures for years .
his cruel injury jinx struck again as the england and lions flanker dislocated his shoulder against newcastle . the injury will almost certainly rule him out of the world cup . in 2012 , the 29 year old suffered a broken neck and he missed most of last season with a knee injury .
there are three 7 2 co favourites for the grade one celebration chase . ap mccoy s mount mr mole is bracketed with special tiara and sprinter sacre for saturday s race . it will be ap mccoy s last ride in a grade one race .
psg are considering a 15m move for dynamo kiev and ukraine winger andriy yarmolenko . the 25 year old is highly rated on the continent and tormented everton during this season s europa league campaign . psg are also interested in juventus midfielder paul pogba , but have been rebuffed in their pursuit of manchester united s angel di maria .
david villa had a season at atletico madrid before joining new york city fc . the former spain forward struggled for form at the vicente calderon . villa was watching tuesday s nights champions league madrid derby . diego simeone s men were held to a goalless draw by their neighbours .
raheem sterling has stalled over signing a new contract with liverpool . michael owen says any viable move for winger would be a sideways one . owen left liverpool for real madrid in a 16 . 8 million move in 2004 . he says sterling does not owe his career to the anfield club .
50 vietnamese asylum seekers are allegedly being returned to vietnam . reports claim australian vessel hmas choules transferred them on friday . the secret voyage would cost 2 . 8 million of taypayer money . 15 asylum boats and 429 asylum seekers have been stopped since 2013 . abbott government claims a 90 reduction of illegal maritime arrivals under operation sovereign borders .
capitol police said a male shot himself as shocked onlookers watched . the incident appears to have no connection to terrorism , police said .
freezer trawler with crew of 132 sank 205 miles off kamchatka peninsula . at least 54 of the sailors are dead and a further 63 have been rescued . reports suggest dalny vostok may have hit drifting ice in pacific waters .
local councils are urged to draw up maps of the residents who are at risk . essex and gloucestershire have already made loneliness maps . experts warn that being lonely can lead to serious health problems .
liana barrientos , 39 , re arrested after court appearance for alleged fare beating . she has married 10 times as part of an immigration scam , prosecutors say . barrientos pleaded not guilty friday to misdemeanor charges .
jonathan trott out cheaply twice in basseterre . the england batsman preparing for his first test since ashes turmoil . england s low key warm up week in st kitts drew to a close . ian bell retired on 43 and alastair cook after making 22 .
abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , from columbus , said he got training from terror group linked to al qaeda in syria . was instructed by cleric to return to us and carry out terror attack . his suspected plan was to go to a military base and kill three four soldiers execution style . mohamud was arrested in february on state charges of money laundering and providing support for terrorism . if convicted in federal case , the 3 year old could face up to 40 years in prison .
denis suarez scored an 87th minute winner to make it 2 1 to sevilla in the first leg of the europa league quarter final against zenit . khouma babacar scored a late equaliser for fiorentina to secure a vital away goal against dynamo kiev . club brugge and dnipro played out a tense goalless draw .
arjen robben has missed his side s last three games through injury . the bayern munich winger is expected to miss match against porto . robben has said it is the worst situation for a footballer to be in .
gang target car dealership in dearborn heights , michigan , in early hours . kicked off wing mirrors and smashed windscreens during violent outburst . bill for damage to la marina auto sales said to be several thousand dollars . same gang believed to have also hit neighboring businesses during spree .
debenhams and mothercare have called a halt to long running promotions . and both stores have announced revived figures since making the change . experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced . figures show a third of all fashion purchases are now made in a sale .
the rv flip looks like it might be an april fool , but it as been working hard for more than 50 years . the 355 foot vessel can flip 90 degrees in 20 minutes allowing researchers a unique opportunity to study the ocean . the vessel does not have its own form or propulsion and relies on tugs to tow it to the area of study . the rv flip was commissioned in 1962 and can sit still in heavy seas with more than 300 feet beneath the waves .
jason warnock rescued a man whose suv was dangling off the edge of a cliff . warnock i do n t feel like i deserve any credit . . . i just did what anyone would do .
guy martin reviewed the aston martin vanquish while on the isle of man . wrote how he reached up to 180mph in a small village with a 40mph limit . said he completed the tt course around the island in the car in 22 minutes . isle of man police has confirmed that they are looking into the incident .
manchester city know they need more english players in their line up . city goalkeeper joe hart has often been the only one this season . england s jordan henderson and jack wilshere are on their wishlist . city deem the liverpool and arsenal stars as realistic targets . city also maintain an interest in liverpool forward raheem sterling .
fabio borini visited go ape adventure park in delamere forest on tuesay . the liverpool striker shared instagram pictures from his day out . borini came on as a substitute for liverpool against newcastle on monday .
burger king is now offering alcohol free pina colada smoothies . pret a manger has launched wine accompanied sit down dinners . nandos has introduced a quinoa salad and a posh new coleslaw . starbucks is also trialling a dinner service with wine .
manchester city fined 50million for breaking ffp regulations in 2014 . vincent kompany insists the rulings only help the elite clubs . city take on neighbours manchester united in the derby on sunday .
ian bell hit 143 on the opening day of the first test in antigua . bell came in with england struggling , but took them to 341 for five . the 33 year old was dropped during the 2009 series in the caribbean . bell says it was nice to come back and put things right .
wales euro 2016 qualifier with belgium has been declared a sell out . gareth bale and co currently top the group b table on goal difference . belgium and wales both on 11 points ahead of clash .
al shabaab claims responsibility for the attack . a car bomb explodes outside the front gate of the education ministry building in mogadishu . assailants storm the building and engage in a gunbattle with guards .
united finished the game with 10 men after michael carrick came off . sergio aguero reached the 100 goal mark faster than any other city player . james milner hurled an energy pouch to the floor in frustration after he was replaced by samir nasri . united felt that martin demichelis overreacted when caught by a flailing arm from marouane fellaini .
bali prosecutors want an australian man allegedly caught smoking a joint on the beach to serve up to 12 years in jail . nicholas james langan , 24 , from townsville , was arrested about 1 . 00 am on january 27 at a beach in canggu , north of kuta . police allege he was smoking a joint at the time of the arrest . prosecutors said he possessed a small bag of marijuana weighing 0 . 86 grams .
three people killed five wounded in attack on attorney general s office in balkh province . staff and civilians have been rescued as gunmen engaged afghan security forces .
epic struggle between lioness and giraffe in zimbabwe caught on camera . the lioness was pictured battling the animal in hwange national park . predator was very lucky to survive as a kick from a giraffe can be lethal .
bournemouth lead the championship by four points with four games left . yann kermorgant fired the cherries into the lead in the 70th minute . callum wilson doubled the visitors advantage 10 minutes later . eddie howe s side have set a club record 106 goals in all competitions .
mary pat christie , 51 , quit her position at finance firm angleo gordon co . reportedly told colleagues the move would precede a christie campaign . mrs christie earns almost three times as much as her husband . has accompanied new jersey governor on putative campaign trail .
younger people feeling lonelier than older generations according to report . 43 of 18 to 34 year old wish they had more friends . many only interact with friends online . chloe jackson , 19 , said facebook makes her feel lonely . feels left out when she sees friends posts when they re out having fun .
shcherbakov family has been caring for the cub after finding it alone . cub wandered up to their gate in tulun and is unable to survive on its own . family is hoping to find it a permanent home as it will grow into a beast . local expert cautions against bringing wild animals into the home .
wallace , who signed for chelsea in 2013 , is on loan at vitesse arnhem . he has been pulled out of their squad for the trip to excelsior on saturday . the 20 year old has also been handed the maximum fine by the dutch side . wallace , a brazilian under 20 international , made his debut for jose mourinho s side during their summer tour of asia in 2013 . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
british graffiti artist painted mural on metal door of dardouna family home . it was the only part of the two storey building to survive bombing last year . local artist belal khaled convinced homeowner to sell door for just 100 . but now that he knows banksy murals are valued at hundreds of thousands of pounds , rabie dardouna is demanding the door is returned .
a video uploaded by youtube user shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by the mothering hen . as the plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg the infant can barely believe her eyes .
man sat next to the 86 year old woman in church pew in manchester . he then stole her handbag and tried to snatch two other women s bags . police investigating have described the april 3 incident as appalling . they have released an e fit of the man and are appealing for information .
jacksonville jaguars will get a uk fan to announce their nfl draft picks . their sixth and seventh round selections will be revealed live on television . it will be the first time part of the nfl draft has taken place outside the us .
three adults taken to hospital after head on collision at frenchs forest . the crash was between a toyota klugger and e type jaguar . nobody was injured in the crash and it is being investigated . it comes after police warned motorists to obey road rules over easter .
mexican restaurant has decided to tap into 70 billion food delivery market . fast casual chain will work with the postmates app to allow mobile orders . app works in similar way to uber , using hired drivers to deliver the food . but the chain will add a 9 service charge on top of postmates 5 rate .
kenneth wanamaker jr , 37 , pleaded guilty and received up to year in prison . father let daughter s teeth fall degenerate into near fatal condition . he and partner also being investigated for death of 7 month old in 2011 . wanamaker did not enroll himself in addiction program and mother tested positive for methamphetamine when she was pregnant .
esa has released an image of one of saturn s outer moons , hyperion . its bubbly appearance is due to it having a very low density for its size . scientists believe 40 per cent of the moon is made up of empty space . hyperion has been known to unleash huge bursts of charged particles .
jimmy anderson moved to within one of sir ian botham s record . the 32 year old s wife and daughter were watching in antigua . botham tempted to bet on anderson claiming record on wednesday . moeen ali called up to england squad for second and third tests . jermaine blackwood scores first test ton , and frustrates ben stokes .
rory mcilroy faced with fifty shades of grey s jamie dornan . mcilroy and dornan took part in the first circular soccer showdown of 2015 . mcilroy finished strongly to finish an impressive fourth at the masters . read it wo n t be too long before mcilroy wins a masters .
aston villa have sent scouts to watch cordoba striker florin andone . the romanian has been the bright spark for la liga s bottom side . bakary sako and tom carroll are also another targets for tim sherwood . click here for all the latest aston villa news .
jaclyn methuen and ryan ranellone return home for the holidays after their honeymoon in puerto rico on tonight s episode of the reality show . the 30 year old , from union , new jersey , nearly left her new husband at the altar because she was n t physically attracted to him .
manchester united beat city 4 2 at old trafford on sunday afternoon . man utd have the most impressive record against the top seven clubs . louis van gaal has averaged two points per game against the top seven . chelsea 1 . 56 are second in the premier league in an alternative table . read ashley young laughs at city as united silence noisy neighbours .
swiss town of zermatt bans tourists taking pictures of st bernard dogs . comes after swiss animal protection agency into miserable conditions the dogs are kept in . the report says they are locked up in a condemned building or made to stand in the cold for hours at a time .
the child was held by his mother when he slipped and fell between 10 and 12ft into the pit on saturday around 3pm at the cleveland metroparks zoo . he was rescued by his parents before emergency responders arrived on the scene he suffered from minor bruises and bumps . the cheetahs seemed to ignore the boy and his parents while in the pit . zoo plans to press child endangerment charges .
soil underneath a slide in the park showed extremely high radiation levels . has raised fears for the health of children in the toshima ward of tokyo . days after traces of radiation found at prime minister shinzo abe s office .
the disturbing video was uploaded last week by raymond yeung . the description claims it was captured in china s shenzhen reservoir . the video has sparked online debates over the species of the creature . some have claimed the hairless animal is a mythical water monster . others believe it is a malaysian bear suffering from a skin disease .
new on board playlists include rockers such as the xx , haim and hozier . unfavourable customer feedback about previous music prompted switch . so far , all mainline and some regional aircraft have adopted the change .
gang of at least three poured gasoline on a car at south la gas station . before the fire was started , the gang attempted to rob the driver of his car . two people were inside white dodge charger when it went up in flames . no one was hurt and la fire department is investigating crime as arson .
graeme mcdowell carded a final round of 73 on sunday . mcdowell thinks his style of putting is not suited to augusta . the former us open could have had a worse score . mcdowell was initally give a one shot penalty for moving his marker as he was attempting to swap a bee away from his ball on the third green . but the penalty was rescinded later in the day .
hugo lloris suffered a gashed knee in tottenham s win against leicester . michel vorm will start at turf moor as lloris continues his recovery . roberto soldado is doubtful for sunday s clash with burnley . mauricio pochettino hopes spurs england contingent will return on a high .
the child , who has not been named , suffered fatal injuries after jumping from a second story window in dumont , new jersey last month . a report into the incident has revealed he became angry after a classmate failed to say checkmate after beating him in a match at recess . he then cried in a corner and wrote a note to his opponent , but told him to wait to open it the contents of the note have not been shared . an aide then saw the boy climbing on shelves and out a window . the boy s classmate revealed that he had said on several occasions that he was going to jump from the window but he thought he was joking .
teacher carol chandler , 53 , accused of indecently assaulting boy in 1980s . she taught at george osborne s london school st paul s in barnes . charged as part of an investigation into child sex abuse at the school . five people have now been charged by officers from operation winthorpe .
thailand s kiradech aphibarnrat takes lead at the shenzhen international . aphibarnrat fired six birdies in the space of nine holes on saturday . bubba watson struggled to his second consecutive round of 74 . the double masters champion finished 38th in augusta this year .
cost of christenings are now upwards of 300 . 63 per cent of mothers worry about the mounting costs for the day . asda launches christening collection in time for second royal baby .
liam sandham , of fleetwood , has gone viral with the prank . plasterer holds magnifying glass to friend s hand in a van . he concentrates light onto an area on work mate s knuckle . his friend reacts in shock and swears after being burnt . video has been watched over one million times online .
tiger woods gave former nba star yao ming a few tips on his swing . the 7ft 6in chinese athlete retired from houston rockets in 2011 . 14 time major winner woods will return to competition at tpc sawgrass .
liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet has returned to england after serving on international duty with belgium . he was an unused substitute in belgium s euro 2016 qualifiers against cyprus and israel with chelsea s thibaut courtois playing instead . mignolet posed for photos with pilots in the cockpit of the plane on the way back to england and posted them on his official facebook account . the 27 year old was in the cockpit as the plane landed .
survey by student news website the tab looked into university sex habits . it found that scientists and dentists were most likely to be virgins . sociologists and artists were least likely to still have their virginity .
man caught on cctv using weightlifting move to push car park barrier . not clear if he was trying to avoid paying ticket or just showing off . british transport police have released his picture in bid to identify him . do you know the weightlifter ? .
mohammaed dahbi barked orders at kassie thornton and christy spitzer . told pair he would throw them out of new york cab if they continued . they accused him of discriminating against them because they were gay . yellowcab driver told them not to make me out to be an a hole .
ellie , ten , and taylor , five , advertised about collecting eggs on facebook . wanted treats to give to hospital in sheffield in memory of their brother .
brittany lyn hilbert of orlando , florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65 years old . hilbert allegedly hit her boyfriend and knocked out one of his contact lenses during an argument over a friend he did not want her to see . hilbert told police her boyfriend body bumped her . hilbert has been arrested a total of five times and her charges include possession of pot and xanax and also failure to appear in court .
retiring jockey ap mccoy has vowed to never return to professional riding . the 40 year old rider said shoot me if i ride professionally again . olympian sir steve redgrave said similar phrase when he retired . but , redgrave returned to claim olympic gold four years later in sydney .
u . s . , venezuelan relations threaten to overshadow obama , castro meeting . venezuelan president says united states moved to oust him he has the support of the cuban foreign minister .
real madrid host granada at the bernabeu on sunday , kick off 11am . the match will be real s first since their el clasico defeat at barcelona . cristiano ronaldo and gareth bale are both back from international duty . martin odegaard took part in the first team session with carlo ancelotti .
diafra sakho could miss the rest of the season due to injury . the west ham striker picked up thigh strain in game against stoke . the 25 year old was taken off after 58 minutes and went for scans .
star wars fan went to a star wars convention for new force awakens film . he met his hero r2d2 who began spinning around with the child . boy can be heard giggling uncontrollably as r2d2 mirrors and follows him . child was at a convention in anaheim , dressed in star wars merchandise .
actor thinks the former secretary of state has paid her dues . revealed his choice for the nomination at the tribeca film festival . said in 2006 both she and obama would one day be in the white house . added that if she is president there will be surprises .
jurgen klopp will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season . speculation has been rife that his next job will be in the premier league . he has been linked with taking over at arsenal or manchester city . but gunners boss arsene wenger said the talk was ridiculous .
lucas akins scored twice as burton albion were promoted to league one . morecambe victory secured jimmy floyd hasselbaink s side promotion . hasselbaink says the season is n t over , despite already being up .
martin tyler revealed 1996 anfield thriller is his favourite game of all time . the iconic commentator says the winning goal still gives him goosebumps . liverpool opened the scoring on two minutes through robbie fowler . newcastle equalised eight minutes later after les ferdinand s strike . what followed was a seven goal thriller that went right to the wire . it was a chance for both teams to put pressure on league leaders manchester united .
lawsuit tried to block encinitas union school district from teaching yoga . family s lawsuit said yoga promoted hinduism and inhibited christianity . 4th district court of appeal in san diego upheld court ruling against suit . district said yoga taught in secular way to promote flexibility and balance . yoga taught to district s 5 , 600 students at twice weekly , 30 minute classes .
jon moss will take charge of fa cup final between arsenal and aston villa . mark halsey has slammed the fa for overlooking mark clattenburg . former premier league referee halsey has called the decision a joke .
brad pitt and angelina jolie bought the french wine making estate in 2012 . they enlisted the help of famous winemaker marc perrin and his family . their miraval rose has received rave reviews from leading wine critics . it is now available to buy from marks and spencer for 18 a bottle .
u . s . rc 135u plane was flying near poland when russian jet cut across . pentagon says russian su 27 flanker made aggressive maneuvers . russia insists they were trying to identify the plane by circling it .
liverpool lost 2 1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi final at wembley . steven gerrard s dream of making the fa cup final were shattered . gerrard started the game in an advanced role behind raheem sterling . the first half largely passed gerrard by at wembley . the reds midfielder , however , almost snatched an equaliser at the death .
iker casillas insists he will not leave real madrid if a new keeper arrives . la liga giants have been linked with manchester united no 1 david de gea . spain star will face either barcelona , bayern munich or juventus in champions league semi finals . read barcelona vs real madrid is the dream champions league final .
sheriff s spokeswoman ebony dickens is out of jail after posting 10 , 000 bond . police authorities found a firearm , three computers in her east point residence . dickens is accused of posting her facebook rant under the name tiffany milan .
man was fleeing bull during fiesta celebrations in teulada , eastern spain . was knocked to the ground before crawling towards safety of bull bars . however he could n t make it before horn caught him between the legs . seen limping towards medics , but was not thought to be seriously hurt .
aston villa earn 2 1 fa cup semi final victory over liverpool . mario balotelli s late goal was incorrectly ruled out for offside . brendan rodgers believes the goal should have stood .
bayern munich boss pep guardiola ripped a hole in his trouser leg . his underwear were on show during the european match in germany . the german giants booked place in the semi finals thanks to 6 1 rout .
saudi general says more than 1 , 200 airstrikes since campaign began march 26 . three saudis were killed in attack on border position , source tells cnn .
javier hernandez scored the winner in the champions league quarter final against atletico madrid . real madrid still unlikely to take up option to sign manchester united star . mexico international has attracted interest from dinamo moscow , lazio , everton , newcastle , west ham and stoke .
manny pacquiao appeared on mario lopez s extra show on wednesday . that morning his hill runs and bag work were posted on instagram . the pair , who are friends , also sang a duet of lionel ritchie hello . the filipino champion takes on floyd mayweather jr on may 2 .
common joins suicide squad cast , which already includes will smith , jared leto . film is about supervillains who team up .
residents of beckley club estates saw man steal bird on saturday . wild peacocks have lived in the dallas neighborhood for two decades . unidentified man seen on video stalking the bird for 20 minutes .
shannon hayes spotted the tiny egg at her home in carmarthenshire . she rescued it fearing it was going to be crushed by the regular eggs . the 12 year old measured the egg and discovered it was just 1 . 9 cm long . it is believed the previous record holder was a 2 . 1 cm egg laid in somerset .
brock guzman , was found safe two miles from his californian home . police said a thief likely stole the car after the boy s father left it running . the car was found less than four hours later , after a resident spotted it . police have not yet released a description of the suspect who stole the car . brock was unharmed and appeared to have slept through the entire ordeal .
muslims will increase at more than double the rate of world s population . largest proportion of muslims likely to be in india , data showed . research was completed by the pew research center in america .
andy murray is getting married to kim sears in dunblane on saturday . british no 1 looked a little apprehensive at the wedding rehearsal . former wimbledon champion is set to jet off after the wedding to take a look at prospective new assistant coach jonas bjorkman .
elevators at the world trade center will show visitors the growth of lower manhattan as they travel to the observatory when it opens next month . it will take visitors just 47 seconds to reach the 102nd floor observatory .
unnamed teacher at foster high school in richmond , texas , allegedly gave his students anti muslim propaganda during class . the eight page handout , entitled islam radical islam did you know , included references to terrorism and beheadings . the lamar consolidated independent school district has admitted that it was n t approved by administrators . a muslim student showed the document to her parents who contacted the council of american islamic relations and they complained to the school .
crystal palace host manchester city on monday night football . eagles boss alan pardew refuses to write off city s title chances . palace have no new injury concerns ahead of the selhurst park clash .
jockey aidan coleman wants to right past wrongs at the grand national . coleman prepares to ride the well backed the druids nephew . the eight year old is a 12 1 shot for the 1million steeplechase this year . coleman rode the seventh fence faller stan six years ago . click here for sportsmail s 2015 grand national sweepstake kit .
what do funeral strippers , a quadruple rainbow and kylie jenner have in common ? .
john lord , 86 , was found dead close to where he and wife june , 81 , walked . his family said he had left a note before he disappeared on april 6 . wife of 63 years died from catastrophic bleed to the brain six days earlier . police found mr lord s body in river trent near couple s favourite beauty spot .
liverpool beat blackburn rovers 1 0 at ewood park in the fa cup . steven gerrard turns 35 on the day of the fa cup final at wembley . blackburn s gary bowyer feels it would be fitting for gerrard to lift fa cup . read liverpool need philippe coutinho to shine to get into the top four . click here for the latest liverpool news after wednesday s fa cup win .
chief executive tony scholes apparently watched sampdoria this week . stoke city are said to be monitoring sampdoria s pedro obiang . west ham are also interested in the midfielder , available for about 6m .
police say robert bates , 73 , thought he pulled out his taser during an arrest . instead , he shot the suspect , who later died at a local hospital .
novelist , who died last year , had huge success with adrian mole books . the eight book series sold more than eight million copies worldwide . she left the bulk of her estate to her second husband colin broadway .
bayern munich beat porto 6 1 in the champions league on tuesday . pep guardiola s side progressed 7 4 on aggregate to reach semi finals . thomas muller scored 27th champions league goal to pass mario gomez . muller is now the leading german scorer in the competition . after game muller led the celebrations with supporters using a megaphone .
teacher blunder revealed when mock exam arrived and text did n t feature . students now having to cram to learn new text in a few weeks . extra english lessons put on at wellington college in berkshire . school apologised and said investigation has been launched .
england rugby captain chris robshaw photographed on holiday in barbados with girlfriend camilla kerslake . robshaw admits he did not welcome or enjoy the experience . he has spoken with former england captains about media scrutiny .
half of pensioners in us with investments during 2007 financial crisis sold them at wrong time , research finds . experts analysed 1 , 204 retirees with investments between 2006 and 2008 . findings come days before uk retirees are given power to decide how to spend life savings .
malaysian cleric claims marital rape is made up by european people . comments came after the launch of country s no excuses rape campaign . but another islamic scholar has now said men are also banned from refusing their wives nor are they allowed to leave them unsatisfied .
african elephant has regularly visited etali safari lodge for four years . he s earned the nickname troublesome for his regular poolside antics . troublesome empties the pools with drinking , playing and spraying . lodge manager said kristoff potgieter said they ve tried to deter him . but he said they ve been out witted troublesome is no ordinary elephant .
saracens beat racing metro 12 11 to advance to champions cup semis . racing were unhappy about a challenge on maxime machenaud . saracens flanker jacques burger has been cited for the tackle .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiap showed off their ripped torso s . the fight is just over two weeks away on may 2 , at the mgm in las vegas . the 300million bout is touted as the biggest in the history of boxing .
steven gerrard and frank lampard to be given special merit awards . gerrard is leaving to join la galaxy , lampard moving to new york city fc . pfa will hand out the awards this weekend to acknowledge their careers .
3rd tron is coming together with tron legacy stars returning . olivia wilde and garrett hedlund will reprise their roles . tron legacy grossed 400 million worldwide , after the 1982 original gained fans online .
2 minors were sentenced to 10 years in prison , in addition to adults getting life . 52 of the 73 defendants were sentenced in absentia . the virgin mary church was burned along with dozens of others in august 2013 .
billy vunipola was citied on monday night for an alleged butt . the saracens no 8 will face an rfu disciplinary panel on tuesday . toulon are plotting a move for australia fly half quade cooper .
police in troy , alabama , found the video while investigating a shooting . video shows two men raping unconscious woman on florida beach . authorities say hundreds of people walk past but do n t intervene . troy university students delone martistee , 22 , and ryan austin calhoun , 23 , have been arrested in connection with the alleged incident .
paula creamer won the 2010 women s us open . creamer suggested a women s event could be staged the week following the men s showpiece in april . jordan spieth stormed to his first masters title earlier this month .
jack cordero , 14 , from portland , has won praise for his etiquette . he was sick in a bookshop but handwrote staff there an apology . the manager of the shop , jennifer wicka , said that the note made her day . a picture of the letter went viral after it was uploaded to twitter .
rafael nadal beat spanish compatriot nicolas almagro 6 3 6 1 . nadal exacted revenge on almagro who beat him last year s quarter finals . world no 4 is looking for his ninth career title on the catalan clay court .
mole solutions is developing the idea as an alternative to road transport . would see capsules loaded with goods sent in underground pipelines . a test track has already been built for a nine month development project . the project has approved some government funding from defra .
italian musician andrea furlan was filmed playing in milton keynes . he holds a hand made butterfly landscape designed didgeridoo . as he plays a tune some of the cows lift their heads and take note . suddenly the whole herd are compelled to run towards the sound . they stand rooted to the spot for the duration of the composition . andrea described moment as an amazing and humbling experience .
up to one in five chinese eateries could be selling soup using illegal meat . charity says it is often disguised on menu or only offered if requested . loophole lets people bring 20 kg of meat into uk for personal consumption .
car burst into flames at sydney airport s international terminal on thursday . 4wd was completely destroyed when flames started spewing from engine . fire crews worked to put out flames as smoke covered outdoor car park . vehicle was surrounded by other cars at busy terminal car park .
study found that hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in the 45 states with texting bans . arizona , texas , montana , missouri , and oklahoma are the only five states in america that do not have texting at the wheel bans for all drivers . the study also found that older drivers were more likely to make a texting and driving mistake than a younger driver .
for those who were n t disconnected , only 40percent actually got through . many of those people had to wait on hold for more than 30 minutes , irs commissioner john koskinen said wednesday . he blamed budget cuts approved by congress for the phone problems . the agency s budget has been cut by 1 . 2 billion since 2010 .
dirk kuyt agrees one year deal to move back to former club feyenoord . the dutchman left in 2006 to sign for liverpool before moving to turkey . kuyt made 208 appearances for liverpool , scoring 51 goals . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
chelsea defeated manchester united 1 0 at stamford bridge . the win moves the blues 10 points clear at the top of the table . chelsea require two wins from their last six matches to claim the title .
hani al sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young muslim men . lives in area where jihadi johnspent time with london boys terror cell . security services believed to be investigating cleric s influence on network . al sibai recently caused outrage for making sexist remarks to lebanese tv host live on air .
the box truck collided with a car on interstate 93 southbound in the city s dorchester neighborhood at about 6am . both drivers were taken to hospital with non life threatening injuries . as officials did n t want to risk running trains under the over hanging truck , replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers . on the highway there were also massive delays .
the video shows people throwing chairs and stanchions . friday was the grand opening of fat tuesday at the casino . three men have been arrested .
daily mail racing correspondent marcus townend and tipster sam turner cast their eye over the field for the grand national in our preview video . shutthefrontdoor and ap mccoy will start the race as favourite .
sam allardyce believes manuel pellegrini has the toughest job in football . chilean manager is under pressure following their title race capitulation . pellegrini was tasked with winning back to back league titles at the etihad . but , poor recent form has seen them tamely drop away from the pace .
nancy kanwisher works at the massachusetts institute of technology . she used her bare scalp to explain what the different brain regions are . the short video was posted on the scientist s brain talks website .
15 buffalo are shot on friday after escaping the day before from a farm in schodack , new york . police helicopters fly overhead and nearby schools put on alert in the final moments of the chase . the herd breaks through three layers of barbed wire fencing and crosses the hudson river during the escape .
david says daughter harper and son gideon have incredibly sophisticated tastes . the 39 year old actor has worked as a personal chef and attended le cordon bleu cooking school . gideon eats everything , while harper favors strong flavors and anything chocolate . though david is the cook in the family , neil is good at plating the food .
bayern munich face barcelona in the champions league semis . it means pep guardiola will travel back to the nou camp . bayern boss guardiola wants to find a way of stopping lionel messi . click here for the uefa champions league draw .
29 year old pankaj saw feel to his death from a macquarie park balcony . he was on the phone to his wife and had only been in australia for two weeks . mr panjak died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries . a housing expert has said it was an accident waiting to happen .
pulis has spoken with his striker about pre season plans . berahino is expected to be involved with england at under 21 euros . 21 year old has made no secret of desire to play in champions league . berahino shares same agent as liverpool winger raheem sterling .
three people were killed and seven were seriously injured in the crush . the music vans were trying to get into club tsunami in santiago , chile . police confirmed they have arrested seven people following the incident . the band , doom , are a crust punk band formed in britain in 1987 .
dramatic photos of the blood red sky in aershan have gone viral in china . mud like residue after the storm causes health concern with many citizens . no comments been given by the authorities on the cause of the incident . web users link the incident with the monster sandstorm attacking beijing .
the boy named gabriel holds his hands up to the bear s paws . bear follows him from left to right and rubs up against glass . later in the video the brown bear attempts to bite the youngster .
the goldfinch piano took six months to build for a sheikh in doha , qatar . each of the half a million crystals was applied by hand . the instrument was designed in collaboration with artist lauren baker . it is said to be worth 420 , 000 .
wenger has spoken about the process of selecting arsenal teams . the arsenal manager has eight or nine of the team decided by matchday . but the final decision is made in the hours immediately before kick off . sometimes the thought process to pick perfect xi takes all week . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
motherwell will offer free entry to their regular fans if they end up in play off . but spfl are entitled to 50 per cent of gate proceeds from the games . motherwell will make stand and offer free tickets in event of finishing 11th . rangers and hibernian will back the club s stance against the spfl .
the mu du bong was detained after it ran aground off mexico s coast in july . north korea says there s no reason to hold the ship and accuses mexico of human rights violations . mexico says it followed proper protocol because the ship s owner skirted u . n . sanctions .
swansea have lost all three games after an international break this season . set to host hull city in the premier league on saturday afternoon . garry monk s side have been in the top 10 for the entire campaign so far .
some observers applaud abbott s beer swilling in a pub full of sportsmen . the prime minister last year criticized binge drinking culture in australia .
amir khan released a video last week saying he would fight chris algieri . the british star has since been criticised for his choice of opponent . khan also had the opportunity to fight kell brook at wembley in june . brook wants to return to action at the o2 in london on may 30 .
everton have won their last three games and visit swansea on saturday . swansea manager garry monk is hoping to stifle everton s revival . swansea beat them in november and have been on a good run themselves .
residents in two exclusive chelsea streets complained of a rancid smell . thames water investigated and discovered a 10 tonne fatberg in the sewer . the sewer which is 40 metres long was made up of fat and used wet wipes . a 400 , 000 repair is being carried out to rectify the damage underground .
detroit red wings drew miller was caught by a skate in the first period against the ottawa senators . the massive cut required 50 to 60 stitches to close , but did not damage miller s eye . the red wings lost 2 1 but remained in third place in the atlantic division .
the cross dressing robber from taylors hill is in police custody . the 23 year old man was arrested and charged with armed robbery . the robbery took place at a service station in watervale in march . a man dressed in female clothing produced a fake machine gun . the staff member handed over the cash which the robber placed in a bag .
rory mcilroy has managed to persuade some high profile golfers to take part in the dubai duty free irish open in may . martin kaymer , luke donald and patrick reed are all involved in the open . ryder cup captain darren clarke praised mcilroy for attracting the stars .
catherine gerhardt reached out to competitors when she started business . she was ignored by most but received one nasty email from a flamer . ms gerhardt chose to employ ice and ignore , communicate and exit . she teaches this same policy to children through her company kidproof . a flamer sends messages with intention to hurt the victim and get reaction .
princess charlene presented novak djokovic with a sports award . charlene was glamorous in navy as she handed over the gong in monaco . award was part of a ceremony taking place in shanghai . glitzy event was attended by benedict cumberbatch and henry cavill .
sophia , the daughter of a lesbian , explains how two mothers are able to have a baby . video was posted on a lifestyle website for lesbian moms , gay dads , single parents and adoptive families . the first grader also put together a series of illustrations to accompany the clip .
police have issued a warrant for the arrest of a woman charged with bestiality with her dog . the woman failed to appear twice in a brisbane court of a strong of charges . the bestiality charges were laid after police checked jenna louise driscoll s phone for suspected drug trafficking . they found three videos which allegedly show her having sex with a dog . the 25 year old was due to appear at brisbane magistrates court on monday . she failed for the second time and police issued the warrant .
charlie austin is yet to receive england call up despite impressing for qpr . austin has scored 17 premier league goals for the relegation strugglers . roy hodgson should not listen to those who say he favours big clubs .
capital one became the first provider to scrap cashback for new customers . it said new restrictions will squeeze profits and other firms may follow suit . an eu cap limits the fees retailers can be charged for processing payments . perks no longer sustainable after it starts in october , capital one has said .
scott kemery , 44 , was reliably told by a friend that rubbing alcohol was an effective way to kill bedbugs .
michelle woods told by her daughter of something moving in the bath . went to check and found a four foot orange corn snake slithering around . panicking she posted an appeal on facebook for help to rescue the reptile . believes her home s previous tenant kept snakes as pets and may have lost it moving out .
jet named the resurrected veteran restored by u . s . father and son team . flown at air shows as tribute to all servicemen who have died in combat .
swansea city have made signing a striker a priority this summer . the club are weighing up a move for blackburn s rudy gestede . gestede , a benin international , is rated at 7million by rovers . andlercht s aleksandar mitrovic , club brugge s obbi oulare and marseille s andre ayew are also on swansea s summer wish list .
geraldine schultz , 67 , was killed last week by vortex in town of fairdale . destructive tornado also picked up 1980 photo of her with husband , 84 . photograph was carried 35 miles to harvard , illinois , where it was found . found by alyssa murray , who posted online and was able to return it . the tornado carried some items further one family photograph was found 70 miles away in racine , wisconsin .
fox plans to make a tv movie of the rocky horror picture show . some of the producers behind the original film are involved . tv is in the midst of a musical craze .
mr x was caught speeding along the m11 in essex in 2009 in his honda . the 35 year old motorist denied that he was driving his car at the time . during the course of his legal battle , he changed his name to ashley x . mr x was jailed for nine months at ipswich crown court for perjury .
deutsche flugsicherung urges aviation industry to develop safety system . similar technology is already available for piloting drones , but not planes . co pilot deliberately crashed jet last month in alps killing all 150 on board . separate report says passengers could hack planes using in flight tvs .
jon cryer revives pretty in pink s duckie dance routine for the late late show . host james corden tweets that the bit fulfilled a childhood dream .
khim hang is the youngest designer to show an australian fashion week . the 22 year old s collection han is a nod to his cambodian heritage . khim said his parent s escape from the khmer rouge influenced him . is paying workers in his cambodian factory double the minimum wage .
the billboard erected in kenosha , wisconsin , features the smiling face of officer pablo torres after he shot dead aaron siler , 26 , last month . torres is currently on leave while an investigation is being held into the deadly shooting . siler s family and friends have called the billboard disrespectful and are asking for it be taken down . the kenosha professional police association claims the billboard is simply to thank the local community for its support . torres shot another men 10 days before siler killing .
robert bates said he meant to subdue a suspect with a taser but accidentally shot him . the preliminary hearing is scheduled for july 2 . the judge said bates was free to travel to the bahamas for a family vacation .
ian watson is set to come out of playing retirement at the age of 38 . his last game was as player coach in championship for swinton last june . watson stepped up his training ahead of sunday s game against castleford .
bath scored tries through leroy houston , jonathan joseph , matt banahan , sam burgess and semesi rokoduguni . fly half george ford added 18 points from the boot . the exiles replied with tries from tom court and blair cowan .
charles n zogbia turned up for training wearing flowery shirt and trousers . shay given described it as worst outfit ever as he mocked him on twitter . villa keeper posted a picture of n zogbia s outfit on social media .
farrend rawson played against brighton as rotherham confirmed his loan deal from derby had been extended . rawson missed defeat to middlesbrough however after being recalled . football league have charged the club for rawson playing brighton game .
locations in ceredigion , powys and pembrokeshire being used for training . also used to radicalise mulsims , according to counter terrorism officer . he said those involved are seemingly normal but have an ulterior motive .
bayern munich thrashed porto 6 1 in the champions league on tuesday . bayern trailed 3 1 after their first leg defeat in portugal . manager pep guardiola appeared with a tear in his trousers on the sideline .
beech nut nutrition is recalling 1 , 920 pounds of stage 2 beech nut classics sweet potato chicken baby food . a small piece of glass was discovered in a jar by a consumer . jars with the product numbers 12395750815 and ending at 12395750821 are affected , all of which have the establishment number p 68a .
german primary school teacher is in 21st week of pregnancy and feels fit . she became pregnant through artificial insemination using eggs and sperm . in 2005 , she gave birth to her youngest daughter leila , at the age of 55 . children eldest of whom is daughter antje , 44 are by five different fathers .
saturday is record store day , celebrated at music stores around the world . many stores will host live performances , drawings and special sales of rare vinyl .
russia won the vote to host the 2018 world cup . us senators have asked fifa to reconsider because of ukraine crisis . england are planning to bid for euro 2028 after sepp blatter steps down .
the rodrigo de freitas lagoon will hold the 2016 olympic rowing races . currently , the lake is filled with thousands of dead twaite shad fish . rio s waterways are choked with raw sewage and rubbish , and concerns have been raised over health and safety ahead of the olympics . officials say the deaths are due to a plummet in the water temperature .
dornoch in scotland is pointing tourists towards the local abattoir . the attraction is listed beneath the toilet , doctor and the town s museum . visitors hoping to experience the slaughterhouse face disappointment . the abattoir has been closed for several years and is being demolished .
the large hadron collider lhc begins again after a two year shutdown . the restart was delayed in march .
duchess of cambridge is due to give birth at st mary s hospital , london . a surgical unit has been closed after patients contracted mutant superbug . bacteria , cpe , can cause potentially fatal infections in blood and urine .
a new youneedabudget . com study found that 64 per cent of adults spend more money with friends due to peer pressure or the desire to show off . the top items americans overspend on are food and clothing . five per cent of those polled said they hide big purchases from their spouses or significant others .
25 1 shot many clouds wins grand national . second win a row for jockey leighton aspell . first jockey to win two in a row on different horses since 1950s .
mark o meara made the cut at the masters for the first time in 10 years . o meara secured the title back in 1998 . the 58 year old american is the third oldest man in the field in 2015 .
farmers named him big ben as he dwarfs other 85 ewes born this season . mum is experienced seven year old but other offspring all weighed 8 10lbs . born two weeks after biggest ever lamb born in wales , weighing 24lbs .
liam treadwell booked to ride monbeg dude in saturday s grand national . he won on venetia williams trained 100 1 shot mon mome in 2009 . monbeg dude is co owned by rugby union star mike tindall .
cf 18 hornets bomb a garrison near isis de facto capital of raqqa , canada says . the canadian military has conducted dozens of strikes against isis in iraq .
software designer charanjeet kondal created images of new royal with app . if he s right , heir will have blonde hair , dark brown eyes and a small nose . betting public believe the royal baby will arrive into world on wednesday .
jiaro mendez and elias acevedo got into fight on april 14 just before 1am . police said the men were taken to hospital with lacerations on their bodies . the pair were found to be highly intoxicated as officers arrived at scene . mendez said acevedo hit him in the head with beer bottle and stole his car . acevedo , 21 , was arrested and charged with assault with a deadly weapon .
shadow business secretary said nigel farage had a problem with race . mr umunna claimed mr farage had failed to tackle the racists in his party . intervention comes after mr farage was dragged into a fresh race storm . national front members campaigned for him in south thanet constituency .
marcello trebitsch , 37 , was indicted monday on securities and wire fraud charges . the brooklyn resident is married to the daughter of disgraced former new york state assembly speaker sheldon silver . just three months ago , the same prosecutor hit silver with corruption charges for allegedly taking 4million in bribes and kickbacks . silver has fiercely denied the charges .
japan s defence minister forced to answer questions about ufos . gen nakatani told parliament no alien s have violate japan s airspace . came after mp asked if japan was carrying out alien studies .
aston villa take on liverpool in the fa cup semi final on april 19 . midfielder jack grealish watched villa as a fan at wembley twice in 2010 . they lost to man united and chelsea in the league cup and fa cup . grealish is hoping to replace that misery as a fan with joy as a player . liverpool set up the tie after beating blackburn 1 0 on wednesday night .
barcelona boss luis enrique played down neymar s angry reaction . the brazilian was unhappy to be taken off with 20 minutes to play . enrique says that he makes the final decisions and they must be respected . click here for all the latest barcelona news .
manchester runway closure caused disruption for hundreds of travellers . police helicopter scoured the area but was unable to locate a drone . uk aviation authorities have successfully prosecuted two operators .
bbc paid for research into how smiley faces could be used in news stories . licence fee payers money was spent on the ridiculous 44 page document . designers told to make emojis of gary lineker and graham norton s faces .
manuel pellegrini says his side are in a fight for the champions league . manchester city have slipped further behind chelsea in the title race . city travel to alan pardew s crystal palace on monday night . click here for all the latest manchester city news .
justin welby comments follow pope francis s denunciation of the killings . david cameron used his easter message to brand killings truly shocking . 148 christian students at garissa university college were slaughtered . three people have been arrested on suspicion of involvement in the attack .
andrew mogni , 20 , from glen ellyn , illinois , had only just arrived for a semester program when the incident happened in january . he was flown back to chicago via air on march 20 but he died on sunday . initial police reports indicated the fall was an accident but authorities are investigating the possibility that mogni was robbed . his cousin claims he was attacked and thrown 40ft from a bridge .
glenn murray has scored four goals in 364 minutes this season . crystal palace striker has best minutes per goal ratio in premier league . olivier giroud third on the list , harry kane fourth , diego costa fifth .
nathan dailo has found a way to get his son to sleep in 42 seconds . in a youtube video he demonstrates how stroking his 3 month old son s face with a white piece of tissue paper sends him to sleep . the video has received almost 26 , 000 views in just two weeks .
kevin de bruyne has been linked with a transfer away from wolfsburg . his agent patrick de koster says that clubs are watching the belgian but denies a deal is in place with any team to buy the talented playmaker . de bruyne has starred for the german side this season in the bundesliga .
andre ayew is free to talk to foreign clubs with his marseille contract expiring at the end of the season . ghana international has received offers from swansea , newcastle and everton while wolfsburg and borussia dortmund are interested . the swans are also chasing schalke defender christian fuchs .
footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in santa monica , los angeles , before he loses balance and falls headfirst . as his friends go to investigate , blood is seen pouring from his face .
madison crotty , from san diego in california , is seen screaming and crying . video posted online by her father buddy shows how he gets her to sleep . he copies the scuba tank breathing made famous by villain darth vader .
cameron thomas philp vandalised and spat on the vehicle in 2013 . the forensic officer swabbed the spit and found philp from his dna . he pleaded guilty to wilful damage of police property and was fined 300 . mr philp claimed it was out of character but he has similar convictions .
dumbarton boss ian murray believes rangers tough run in could mean they miss out on second place in the scottish championship to hibernian . rangers face difficult fixtures against hearts and queen of the south . murray played for both rangers and hibs during his career .
hamburg sacked joe zinnbauer in march with peter knaebel taking over . knaebel has now returned to his original post as sports director . club has been in talks with thomas tuchel but could not reach agreement . hamburg appointed former coach bruno labbadia on 15 month contract .
the nephew of president john f kennedy attended the screening of a anti vaccination documentary tuesday in sacramento , california . the california state legislature is currently deciding a bill that would make vaccinations mandatory for all children no matter their parents beliefs . rfk jr is a vaccine skeptic and believes there is a connection between an immunization chemical called thimerosal and autism . the scientific community at large says vaccines are not dangerous .
chelsea boss jose mourinho had prepared specific tactics for dealing with the threat of manchester united midfielder marouane fellaini . however , ahead of the game at stamford bridge , mourinho was told by a hotel doorman that fellaini would not be playing . the doorman had seen who he had thought was fellaini pick up some tickets from chelsea forward eden hazard . a google images search revealed that person to be fellaini s twin brother . fellaini did play against chelsea but was dealt with by kurt zouma .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu slams nuclear framework deal with iran . he says it would legitimize iran s nuclear program and bolster its economy .
manchester city have identified danny rose as a transfer target . rose is a rising star and city s squad is short of homegrown players . but spus boss mauricio pochettino is a big fan of his left back . tottenham will resist all summer offers for rose .
nasa s messenger probe smashes into mercury , ending mission . space probe hit the planet s surface at 8 , 750 mph .
president barack obama is calling for an end to psychiatric therapy treatments aimed at turning gays into heterosexuals . the move comes in response to an online petition posted on the white house website following the death of 17 year old leelah alcorn . the american psychiatric association has long opposed conversion therapy and says being gay is not a mental disorder .
a local bike shop owner s dog was snatched by a crocodile . the crocodile was swimming through puerto vallarta marina , in mexico . new zealander tim weston was on holiday and saw the bizarre sight . a video of the dog in the croc s jaws has been viewed half a million times .
rafa nadal beat lucas pouille 6 2 , 6 1 in the second round on wednesday . spaniard got his clay court season off to a perfect start with a routine win . world no 5 made just five unforced errors as he booked third round place .
russian intelligence chiefs took part in secret meeting with u . s . officials . outlined three potential flashpoints that could lead to all out nuclear war . said attempts to return crimea to ukraine will be dealt with as an invasion . also demanded nato breaks up so called rapid response force in the baltic and stops arming those fighting pro russian separatists in ukraine .
number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by 71 from mid 2014 to now . syria and iraq were most popular regions mainly for is and al nusra front . united nations report said fighters came from over half world s countries . it warned if is was defeated foreign fighters could scatter across the globe .
the body of a new york woman was left dangling from a fire escape for more than an hour sunday after she hung herself . the unnamed woman was discovered around 8 . 20 am sunday hanging from the third floor fire escape of her apartment building . one neighbor said the woman had mental health issues .
a bubbler at a melbourne high school has been dispensing recycled water . students at st peter s college in melbourne may have been drinking treated sewage water for around 16 months . the horrific discovery was made by maintenance during school holidays . investigation is under way by the department of health and human services . students were at risk of contracting gastro while drinking from the bubbler . the other 20 bubblers at the school have been tested and deemed safe .
national union of teachers expected to call for a vote on industrial action . ballot of its 300 , 000 members would take place after general election . fears funding cuts will lead to redundancies in schools .
robert lewis burns jr . was part of lynyrd skynyrd s original lineup . his car hit a mailbox and a tree just before midnight .
woman charged with having sex with a dog lashed out at a photographer . jenna louise driscoll hit him over the head with a bottle outside of court . she fronted brisbane court after she failed to appear on april 7 . she was arrested on friday afternoon by police after a warrant was issued . police allegedly found bestiality videos when investigating text messages on her mobile phone for allegedly dealing cannabis in october .
barry selby from dorset was eating bag of tesco cheese and onion crisps . the 54 year old discovered a snack shaped like profile of the human skull . he said he was shocked with the find and has decided to keep it forever . it s not his first weird food find he once discovered a heart shaped crisp .
spurs legend woke up in middle of the night to find his leg was cold . mabbutt diagnosed with diabetes at 17 but complications had developed . he required the main artery to be replaced and almost lost his left leg . the ex spurs star wants to raise awareness of dangers relating to diabetes .
stephen munden , 54 , has absconded from hospital , near hook , hampshire . he was described as having a fanatical obsession with small girls . munden was convicted of sexually touching a child under the age of 13 . the sex offender may have shaved off his thick beard , police say .
anchor said that he made eye contact with egyptian government soldier on horse when the tahrir square protests became violent . williams told jon stewart that soldier then beat protesters with whip . doubts raised about whether he was actually on the square in early 2011 . his dispatches from the time of the uprising were done at balcony above it . nbc committee investigating williams is reportedly looking at the incident . review of his reporting continues after iraq experiences were inflated .
sarah jewell , 25 , went to local social security office to prove she s alive . she learned someone had filed her number as deceased in november 2014 . jewell said the office implied everything s taken care of and she was fine . but after three months her number has n t been reinstated , she has n t received her tax refund , and her driver s license also lists her as deceased . and now she s in jeopardy of losing her job as a licensed pharmacist .
raheem sterling could leave liverpool in the summer transfer window . arsenal and manchester city are both interested in signing him . chelsea could make a big money move if sterling becomes available . bayern munich boss pep guardiola is believed to be an admirer .
danny ings is a target for manchester united and liverpool this summer . the burnley striker does not want to move just to sit on the bench . ings keen to work with a manager who will help him develop as a player .
david alaba posted video on his instagram of the cast being removed . the austrian is currently out after suffering knee ligament damage . bayern munich face porto in the champions league on wednesday .
flu strains h3n2 and b phuket triggered spike in deaths in u . s . and europe . modified vaccine which includes these two strains is coming to australia . including the strains has delayed stocks of the vaccine arriving by a month . high risk groups in australia will be able to get free flu shots from april 20 .
arsenal face burnley at turf moor as they bid to keep pressure on chelsea . gunners are seven points behind the blues having played one game more . arsene wenger has told his squad to put dreams of title charge on hold . abou diaby , jack wilshere , mikel arteta and mathieu debuchy in line to return to first team fold . arsenal s pre game playlist pharrell makes laurent koscielny happy .
king felipe was making his first appearance since the claims emerged . new book alleges his father had a 10 year affair with a german socialite . corinna zu sayn wittgenstein claims juan carlos wanted to marry her . felipe , 47 , was joined by wife letizia , 42 , at university of alcala de henares .
sabrina osterkamp was last seen leaving home in naracoorte at 12pm on sunday . the german tourist was driving a friend s car about 110km south to mount gambier in south australia s southeast . the car was found abandoned on side of road in centre of mount gambier . the 25 year old contacted authorities to say she was safe and well almost 24 hours later .
david luiz pulled up in the 35th minute of ligue 1 s le classique . luiz was immediately replaced , and club confirmed a pulled hamstring . psg defender will have scans on monday , but could be out for weeks . barcelona meet psg on april 15 in the first leg of champions league tie .
floyd mayweather will fight manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 . the bout is expected to generate 300 million in revenue . iyanna mayweather has been in training camp with her father floyd .
first team squad play head tennis with future talent at academy day . presence of phil jagielka , james mccarthy and co proves a huge success . roberto martinez and his staff also at finch farm for annual fun event . everton are unbeaten in their last six premier league games , winning five .
salford sealed consecutive super league wins with victory at huddersfield . josh griffin inspired red devils wita try and three kicked goals . ben jones bishop and carl forster scored the other tries for the visitors .
bernie madoff is serving 150 years in prison for 65billion ponzi style fraud . fraudster is alleged to have tried to steal his drug dealer s girlfriend . it is claimed he put pressure on the israeli model to become his mistress . he apparently told her she had made a mistake when she became pregnant with dealer silvio eboli s child , new book into his life claims .
rspca south australia published photos of the poor living conditions . the cat owner , who was prosecuted for animal cruelty , lives in adelaide . the pet owner has been fined 500 but his identity is yet to be revealed . he pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for the cats at the property . the court granted him the return of two of his cats but the third remains in the rspca s care .
a 12 year old boy found the world s largest european wasp nest ever found . jordan waddingham made 20 from his mum for his startling discovery . it measures at one metre tall and a circumference of three metres . the nest was destroyed overnight when the wasps were dormant . it took two days to remove the 90 kilogram nest from the ground . the nest is being displayed at the queen victoria museum and art gallery .
animal gave police a run around in battery park city on saturday . officers trailed the canine in patrol cars and on foot through the streets . it evaded capture for two hours while dipping in and out of traffic . cops eventually cornered the coyote and shot it with a tranquilizer dart .
patrick and valerie jubb purchased the property in andalusia in 2008 . they said the alterations had been legalised by land registry officials . couple also said a certificate listed no infractions at time of purchase . when they tried to sell local authorities said the alterations were illegal . town hall said normal rules do not apply as estate is in a natural park .
kevin pietersen playing his first county championship game for two years . pietersen was caught at slip off the bowling off craig meschede for 19 . kumar sangakkara scored a debut century for surrey after kp was out . surrey reach 363 for three at stumps on day one against glamorgan .
a crowd of students from northwest prep academy descended on a gas station in memphis , tennessee on monday . they began to yell and throw up gang signs and then attacked a man , orrden williams jr . . . williams ended up covered in bruises because of the unprovoked attack , and his baby was also almost hit by the teens . police are investigating and have made one arrest in the case , 19 year old joe brittman .
inter milan are hoping to sign manchester city s yaya toure this summer . but marco fassone admits toure s fee and wages might scupper a deal . inter are working on new contracts for mauro icardi and mateo kovacic . serie a club also hope to tie down goalkeeper samir handanovic .
west ham are keen on concluding a deal for 17 year old deshane beckford . jamaican starlet beckford has been linked with a host of european clubs . read our exclusive west ham season tickets to cost as little as 289 .
eugenie bouchard suffered her fourth defeat in six matches . the canadian top seed lost to lauren davis at the family circle cup . world no 66 davis won 6 3 , 6 1 in the second round in charleston . davis won nine of the final 11 games of the match to seal victory . click here for all the latest news from charleston .
divock origi has scored just seven league goals this season for lille . belgium striker will join liverpool for start of next season after loan spell . mignolet believes origi has all the qualities to succeed at anfield . read jordon ibe on the verge of signing new liverpool contract . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
james mcarthur joined crystal palace for 7m from wigan last summer . west ham have been impressed by his performances in midfield for palace . hammers have concerns whether they ll sign alex song permanently .
aaron cook fought for great britain at the beijing olympics in 2008 . cook felt he was unfairly left out of the london 2012 olympics team . british olympic association approved application for nationality change . cook has received funding from moldovan billionaire igor iuzefovici .
west brom lost 3 2 to qpr earlier in the season having led the game 2 0 . hoops midfielder joey barton accused the baggies of losing their cool in a result that would contribute to former manager alan irvine s sacking . new boss tony pulis has admitted that barton probably had a point . the two teams meet in the premier league on saturday at the hawthorns . pulis has steadied the ship at west brom since taking over in january and the club looks unlikely to be relegated this term .
kimberley donoghue fell down stairs carrying a box of decorations . the 28 year old was put into a cast just four days before her wedding . the bride was wheeled into church by her dad , and sat to say her vows . after a year of planning , she says she knew something had to go wrong .
the prodigious pumpkins were transported to the zoo on wednesday . one 728kg pumpkin was the biggest to ever grace the easter show . the asian elephant herd were quick to pounce on the novelty breakfast . the zoo introduces new foods to challenge and stimulate their animals .
angel di maria joined manchester united from real madrid for 60million . di maria took the no 7 shirt upon his arrival at the english giants . 27 year old also wears the no 7 jersey for argentina too .
michael kimmel was taken into custody wearing only boots , jeans and a cowboy hat .
the driver , 16 , of arizona who has not been identified was saved from full weight of car landing on her due to depression in roof of car . it took five hours to pull her from wreckage on wednesday . the passengers , aged 16 and 17 , also not identified were able to climb up to the road both were taken to hospital with non life threatening injuries . driver lost control of car after turning a curve too fast , according to police .
cristina coria s husband s truck was stolen from home in houston , texas . it was found the following day but its custom painted bed had been taken . she went on facebook and saw an ad for a 2003 chevy stepside bed . set up a meeting with the seller and then stalled until police showed up . suspect , 18 , is now facing charges for theft and unlawfully carrying a gun .
novak djokovic came from a set down to beat alexandr dolgopolov . the world no 1 remains in contention for his fifth miami open win . dolgopolov became less mobile after receiving treatment to his feet . djokovic faces david ferrer next after spaniard beat gilles simon . andy murray through after beating south africa s kevin anderson .
a host of footballing legends graced the field to raise money for charity . bazilian ronaldo and zinedine zidane were among the stars taking part . clarence seedorf , fabian barthez and gianluca zambrotta also played . as did jay jay okocha , david trezeguet and vladimir smicer .
julie walters pretended to be trusted official to gain access to care homes . claimed to be both a council warden and from church to steal cash . fleeced three elderly residents of money in three separate attacks . admitted burglary and was jailed for two and a half years at minshull street crown court .
pensioner alan spencer s life was saved by his 18 month old labrador lexi . the 67 year old began choking on pickled onion and felt life slipping away . but lexi jumped on his back dislodging the onion and saving his life . an earlier version of this article stated that lexi the labrador had saved mr spencer s live by performing the heimlich manoeuvre . .
sweets were aimed at jason puncheon during crystal palace s victory . puncheon appeared to be struck while making his way to take a corner . the eagles playmaker scored in his side s 2 1 home win at selhurst park .
two schoolboys approached 12 year old and threatened to set him alight . pair doused youngster in highly flammable wd40 in subway under road . victim sustained minor injuries in broad daylight attack over easter break . police hunting the two suspects in connection with unprovoked attack .
jonathan brownlee won the second race of the itu season in auckland . brownlee also prevailed in australia , seeing off mario mola by 19 seconds . his brother alistair is expected back from injury in cape town on april 25 .
three former managers of the aids healthcare foundation filed a suit . they alleged the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals in an effort to boost funding from federal health programs . employees were paid 100 bonuses for referring patients with positive test results to its clinics and pharmacies . the lawsuit alleges kickbacks started in 2010 at the company s california headquarters and spread to programs in florida and several other locations . .
cobbles will be lifted from their current place , cut in half and relaid again . the paving stones run alongside the 19th century bristol floating harbour . council tested technique on small area and had overwhelming support . bristol industrial archaeological society claim it will change appearance .
geoffrey kondogbia impressed against arsenal in the champions league . gunners have scouted french midfielder for some time . but now liverpool hold the main premier league interest in midfielder . 22 year old is currently at monaco but has also played for lens and sevilla . jamie redknapp arsenal should have signed kondogbia .
uss independence was sunk in 1951 after weapons tests . carrier was close in guinea pig to two atomic bomb tests . agency ship looks remarkably intact 2 , 600 feet below surface of the pacific ocean .
john goodwin , 75 , of atkinson , new hampshire , went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault . he had pleaded not guilty in the case in which prosecutors said he repeatedly sexually assaulted a student , who is now 24 . the former student said he did n t come forward until 2013 because he was embarrassed . court officials said he shot himself outside his car while not in custody . he was airlifted to a hospital with life threatening injuries but his condition has not been disclosed .
actress gwyneth paltrow is trying to live on 29 worth of food for one week . it s a part of the foodbanknycchallenge , which is bringing awareness to food poverty . paltrow was nominated by her friend chef mario batali .
licensing system for new agents was due to change on april 1 . new rules allow anybody to become a football agent . mel stein warns that new regulations will create anarchy .
two year old oratilwe hlongwane can wow fans by playing music on dj kit . performing under dj name of aj , toddler plays house music from a laptop . he still wears nappies and ca n t yet talk but has a legion of fans for dj ing . parents believe his ability stemmed from dj app he taught himself to use .
shocking footage has emerged of a great white charging a small dinghy . the footage was taken when crew were shooting lair of the megashark . they were trying to put a camera on shark in new zealand s stewart island . images of footage posted online by groups who want to ban shark diving . they think it s causing sharks to associate humans and boats with food .
crystal mcnaughton from long beach , california , filmed the moment her newborn son paul started welling up to a rousing song from glee . as the track o holy night plays , a look of sadness spreads across the tiny infant s face . every time lea michele sings the baby starts to cry .
real housewives of beverly hills star kim richards was arrested early thursday morning . beverly hills police say richards would n t leave a hotel when asked and later struck an officer .
marcus , a 13 year old maryland boy , provided firefighters with instructions . smelled smoke when family s clinton home caught fire sunday morning . was trapped in a second floor bedroom with nine year old sister during fire . soothed his sister after she blurted out we re going to die during the call . siblings saved and three other people in the home escaped without injury .
dramatic pictures show two three year old lions antagonising hippopotamus in zimbabwean national park . hippo initially avoided the big cats by walking towards nearby water before turning around and charging at them . altercation caught on camera by researcher brent stapelkamp , who has been studying lions in the reserve for years .
instinct to avoid arachnids developed as evolutionary response to threat . scientists say it could mean arachnophobia represents survival instinct . could date back to early human evolution in africa , where spiders with very strong venom existed millions of years ago .
the video was captured in california by the dogs owner tracy . young german shepherd named kali jumps around playfully . adopted mother follows it and nudges it away from its ball . older dog then uses its paw to push the puppy onto the bed .
luke shaw joined manchester united from southampton for 28m . the young english defender feels he has struggled to live up to his valuation at the club so far and is seeing a psychologist . shaw has played only 19 games for united this season .
jake boys , 19 , booked tickets for trip with emily victoria canham , 18 . but blunder saw video blogger mr boys organise flights to dublin . now planning train trip to cardiff and admits he could see the problem .
love dislocated his left shoulder on sunday during a tussle with boston s kelly olynyk . olynyk s right arm became entangled with love s left arm while his shoulder suddenly popped out . he grabbed his arm and kept running toward the cleveland bench before going to the locker room , where he iced his shoulder . i have no doubt in my mind that he did it on purpose , love said .
arnold quintero , 21 , from texas was arrested and faces a string of charges . teen , 13 , said she was imprisoned , beaten , sexually assaulted and burned . told police a lighter was held to her face and she was forced to undress . her attacker took photographs and had sex with her , she told detectives .
new polls shows 39 of voters now say they will back the conservatives . this is compared to just 33 for labour , according to the pollsters icm . comes after tories pledged to scrap inheritance tax on homes up to 1m . the conservatives only scored 36 in the general election in 2010 . a separate poll published today showed the parties tied on 33 each .
the cyclone travelled through siberia s third largest city , krasnoyarsk . video captures the snowstorm engulfing the kommunalnyi bridge . flakes of snow become bigger as visibility reduces drastically .
travel site , wanderbat , evaluated the reliability of top international airlines . considered on time performance , flight record , checked baggage costs . qatar airways received a perfect 100 point score , followed by emirates .
police officers have shut down an enormous 1000 rave in sydney s east . they were called to abandoned industrial area in botany on saturday night . police were forced to use capsicum spray on the group after back up came . one officer had glass removed from his head after the crowd threw bottles . a woman was arrested and is being questioned after assaulting an officer .
swimmer uses selfie stick to film her reaction when manatee floats past . frightened spring breaker was in water in florida when she took footage . the short clip shows the giant herbivorous creature passing within inches .
harry and charlie davies carr starred in the clip some eight years ago . in the video charlie bites his older brother s finger . the film was originally made to send to the pairs godfather in america . it has since amassed 816million views on youtube .
spencer gerlach , 20 , admitted to stabbing his ex wife keltsie gerlach to death as their 15 month old daughter slept in the next room . the baby girl was unharmed and was taken into custody by child services . the cause of argument that led to the murder is unknown . spencer faces first degree murder charges and was booked at elder county jail .
police arrest 133 , 000 people and seize 43 . 3 tons of narcotics in a six month period . china launches a new online campaign to crack down on online drug crimes . celebrities have been embroiled in the nation s intensifying anti drug campaign .
ding jinhui potted 12 reds and 12 blacks to rack up 96 points in break . but chinese star screwed back for the blue instead of the black . world no 3 ding realised what he had done and held his head in his hands . he then started to giggle along with his first round opponent mark davis . ding would have pocketed 30 , 000 for maximum 147 break at the crucible . world snooker championships taking place in sheffield .
maria sharapova will play for russia in the fed cup semi finals . russia host germany in the 2014 winter olympics host city of sochi . playing helps sharapova become eligible for next year s summer olympics .
warning graphic content . rose devereux was in agony after years of alleged incompetent treatment . 49 year old had all her lower teeth removed and needed bone grafts . says the treatment led to host of other health problems and pain . dentist , janakan siva , will go before a disciplinary committee .
alison , 43 , from gloucestershire , had breast augmentation six years ago . she was initially pleased but an infection killed off some breast tissue . left with one large breast and another that was shrivelled and deformed . now the 43 year old says she is desperate to be normal again . extreme beauty disasters is on tlc , thursdays at 8pm .
manchester city face crystal palace in the premier league on monday . champions have put on free coaches to take fans to selhurst park . rail closures over easter will disrupt fans travel plans across country .
woman slipped and fell from hassans fall lookout at lithgow on tuesday . the 44 year old was bushwalking with her two children and a male friend . she is believed to have suffered serious head , spinal and chest injuries . mother slipped and fell trying to retrieve her mobile phone at lookout .
also in danger are over 400 public venues and dependent care facilities . study estimates 77 of communities have the 15 25 minutes required to evacuate safely after an earthquake hits . some communities in washington , the most at risk state , could increase chance of survival simply by walking faster . but certain communities along the coast are too far from high ground for a safe evacuation no matter how fast they walk . they will need to build special evacuation structures instead .
new pictures show raheem sterling and jordon ibe with shisha pipes . sterling will avoid punishment from liverpool after inhaling hippy crack . arsenal and other clubs are getting cold feet over their interest in sterling . pictures emerged last week of liverpool star sterling smoking shisha . footage also emerged of him inhaling nitrous oxide from a balloon .
alvaro morata started just three la liga games for real madrid last season . 22 year old joined juventus in 15 . 8 million transfer last summer . morata has scored seven goals in 22 serie a matches so far this campaign .
brandon afoa , 33 , of puyallup was operating a tug to push back aircraft at seattle tacoma international airport when the brakes and steering failed , causing him to crash into a luggage lift . the incident , which took place on december 26 , 2007 , left afoa unable to use his legs or right arm . for years the case was locked in courts because the port of seattle claimed it was n t liable as afoa worked for a private company . however , the state supreme court ruled the airport operator had a duty to provide a safe working environment . a jury awarded the judgment on tuesday .
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california being fed some treats . but in a bid to trick her , her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix .
mark francis vandelli is a keen collector of expensive watches . the made in chelsea star has 16 timepieces in his collection . they come from high end businesses including cartier , rolex and bulgari .
ian guffick , 31 , allowed pupils to make changes outside exam conditions . he also made changes to the pupil s work before the papers were sent off . probe was launched after officials were tipped off he breached exam rules . a disciplinary panel has now banned guffick from teaching for two years .
the coach burst into flames while on the a2 slip road to the m25 at dartford . the blaze sent plumes of black smoke drifting across the carriageway . it is thought that the fire began in the engine and spread to the rest of the coach .
rugby school in warwickshire known as the birthplace as modern rugby after celebrated incident . pupil webb ellis ran with a football during a match in 1823 , with the new game codified by pupils within decades . school is steeped in tradition and maintains its historic link with sport of rugby on its playing fields and in museum .
officials spoke about the devastating single vehicle crash in august for the first time last week . current fbi director james comey and vermont senator patrick leahy say freeh severed a major artery in the crash . paramedics and an fbi agent at the scene were able to stop the bleeding saving freeh s life . freeh was the director of the fbi from 1993 until 2003 .
isis and other rebel groups control most of the refugee camp , activists say . never has the hour been more desperate in the camp , u . n . says . reports of kidnappings , beheadings and mass killings , plo official says .
migrants from nigeria and ghana drown after being thrown overboard . fight broke out on rubber dinghy carrying 105 from libya to italy . the men were thrown into sea for professing the christian faith . 15 men arrested for aggravated murder motivated by religious hate .
manning tweeted out thanks to her supporters including rage against the machine frontman tom morello . she is dictating the tweets over the phone to friends .
experts question if packed out planes are putting passengers at risk . u . s consumer advisory group says minimum space must be stipulated . safety tests conducted on planes with more leg room than airlines offer .
singer was found at home in lowestoft on march 23 and pronounced dead . friend aj sutton helped to identify the body , inquest into death was told . pathologist who confirmed cause of death extended sympathies to family . reality tv star had been struggling with depression and vowed to find cure . the samaritans can be contacted by phone on 08457 909090 , email jo samaritans . org , or you can find the details of your local branch at www . samaritans . org . .
miranda was far from happy with milorad mazic s display on tuesday night . the brazil international believes officials from minor leagues should not officiate important champions league ties . mazic failed to penalise sergio ramos for elbow on mario mandzukic . read atletico ace mario suarez says referee mazic was very bad .
manchester united beat manchester city 4 2 at old trafford on sunday . sergio aguero gave city the lead after just eight minutes in derby . his former team mate mario balotelli tweeted his delight after the goal . but the now liverpool striker benefited more from city losing derby . he and his anfield team mates face newcastle on monday evening .
nico rosberg was the last driver out of the pit lane and was forced to turn in a quicker out lap than he would have liked ahead of his final shot at pole . the german narrowly missed out to his team mate lewis hamilton . rosberg was just 0 . 042 secs slower than his mercedes rival . rosberg also said oh , come on , guys , over the team radio after he was informed he d missed out on pole for tomorrow s chinese grand prix .
fife council launched internal investigation following accusations . rosdeep adekoya beat son mikaeel to death then buried body in woods . family were known to social services in fife but had moved to edinburgh . police scotland investigated data management at the council .
william kerr , 53 , was convicted of murdering maureen comfort . he was released from prison in january but has now disappeared from approved premises in hull . crimestoppers offer 5 , 000 to find kerr , who is believed to be in london .
robert butler , 43 , transported inside a shipping container from bannister house in providence , rhode island , to eleanor slater hospital in cranston . the complex operation on sunday took 7 hours and involved two local fire departments . mr butler has had a decade long battle with his weight and depression .
the houston texans defensive end released the video as part of his announcement of signing a reebok endorsement deal . watt , 26 , is 6 foot 5 and 289lbs .
the boa constrictor is still on the loose on queensland s gold coast . police released it into the wild because they thought it was a python . the south american snake poses a biosecurity hazard . snake catcher tony harrison said it was probably imported illegally . fears that if the snake is pregnant up to 30 live young could also be loose .
jesse roepcke , 27 , charged with pointing a laser at a driver or pilot and possession or use of narcotic paraphernalia . he is accused of riding around ormond beach , florida , with his fiancee and shining a laser at passing cars . during traffic stop , roepcke told police he was just having fun and did n t know shining a light in drivers faces was illegal . a strip search in jail revealed roepcke had 18 gram bag of marijuana in his rectum .
review by catholic news service says hit show is not historically accurate . slams depiction of catholic saint sir thomas more as just plain rude . audience encouraged to root for monster thomas cromwell , review adds . programme starring damian lewis screened for first time in us on sunday .
micky adams has left role at prenton park with just two games left to play . tranmere fans called for adams to leave the club after 3 0 loss by oxford . rovers are two points adrift of safety with just two games left to play .
psg star lucas moura has lavished praise on barcelona star lionel messi . moura has put brazil s rivalry with argentina to one side to laud messi . psg face barcelona at parc des princes on wednesday night . read psg boss laurent blanc feels his side have hit momentum .
st louis was hit tuesday by flash floods . a nearby town had more than two inches of rain in less than half an hour .
foxtel to screen critically acclaimed us women s prison drama . cable tv organisation will screen every episode in a full season marathon . a kink in the agreement with us studio lionsgate has created a loophole . it allows foxtel to offer episodes of the series as an on demand option too . former mtv australia and foxtel presenter ruby rose to appear in series .
taxpayer money used to pay for an army of spin doctors in local areas . the number of communications staff in local government more than 3 , 400 . total is more than double the number working across central government . london has 425 members of pr staff working across its local authorities .
footage of a brawl involving 70 teenagers has been released . the fight happened on tuesday outside a community centre in brisbane . owners were told that 30 people were attending but more than 200 arrived . the violent fray was captured by police helicopter footage . four people have been arrested over the incident and will appear in court .
labour leader ed miliband is superimposed over london rapper plan b . all five leaders become power rangers , but nigel farage is odd one out . david cameron and nick clegg pictured as gogglebox viewers on sofa . miliband poster compares him to kate asking jack to draw her in titanic .
toni elliot , 53 , thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at puckett s boat house in franklin , tennessee , on thursday . however , when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand . forty nine precious stones followed . as naturally occurring pearls are rare , it s expected that elliot s stash could fetch a princely sum .
pablo osvaldo says andrea pirlo and francesco totti should join boca . the 29 year old is currently on loan at the club from southampton . osvaldo believes the boca fans would go crazy for the italian duo .
getty s death appears to be natural causes or accident , coroner s office says . mother and father of andrew getty confirm death , asks for privacy .
beginning friday , some ranks of the indianapolis police department will wear white shirts . police say the change in attire is not related to any specific incident . the new uniform shirt color is aimed at ensuring accountability .
roberto martinez has confirmed he will hold talks with romelu lukaku . striker lukaku has been linked with a move away by new agent mino raiola . raiola said he would have never sanctioned lukaku s 28million move . belgian international is one year into a five year deal at goodison park .
usain bolt is in brazil as olympic anticipation begins to rise . the sprinter visited a favela and jogged with children training there . he spoke of his excitement at competing in rio for next year s games .
tourists and locals queue for several hours to get their hands on jenny s butter cookies . people are even hired to stand in line to buy the cookies , which are later sold at an up to 70 mark up . food frenzies have also taken place in other parts of the world .
john terry was involved in race controversy with anton ferdinand in 2011 . chelsea defender was banned for four matches and fined by fa . terry was cleared in court of racially abusing then qpr defender . blues captain will face rio ferdinand s qpr side at loftus road on sunday . team mate gary cahill says he will be able to deal with hostile atmosphere .
companies including philip morris and r . j . reynolds in suit alleging violation of free speech . in march , the fda issued guidance about changes to tobacco product labels . if significant changes are made to a product s label , like color or a logo , the product requires new approval .
charles kane of spencerport , new york was arrested thursday as he met up with a 14 year old girl for sex . the girl was in fact an undercover officer who had responded to kane s online posting for sex with a young girl and a daddy daughter relationship . kane , 46 , is a married middle school music teacher with two young daughters . he had been communicating with the officer for months before he planned the meeting at a local movie theater . kane had a full box of condoms on him at the time he was arrested . he has been charged with enticement of a minor to engage in sexual activity and faces up to 10 years in prison and a 250 , 000 fine if convicted .
jordon ibe to put pen to paper on a new long term deal at liverpool . the 19 year old broke into the first team before falling injured . ibe has been out since february after damaging his knee ligaments . the youngster could make a return against newcastle on monday . brendan rodgers concedes that daniel sturridge will not rediscover his best form this season after a number of injury problems .
manny pacquiao s early life is portrayed in a new film called kid kulafu . the film is named after bottles of wine the boxer collected as a child . it charts his rise from humble beginnings to his first steps in the ring . pacquiao takes on floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 .
video captures light general aviation aircraft approaching at speed . filmmaker points out that the pilot has not deployed the landing gear . plane touches down onto the tarmac and skids along the runway . its propellers ricochet off the ground before pilot re engages engines . aircraft takes off and flies 100 miles away to fort lauderdale , florida .
alex pritchard puts brentford ahead with stunning curling shot . brentford dominate but fail to take chances to add second goal . darren bent pokes home from close range in 92nd minute .
cesc fabregas had his nose broken in a challenge with charlie adam . chelsea midfielder has travelled to italy to have a protective mask fitted . the spaniard will wear guard branded with his initials and squad number . ortholabsport have also made masks for petr cech and fernando torres .
rachel jaajaa , 22 , and aaron tate , 29 , were arrested monday in elryia , ohio . they were charged with child endangering after infant was left on friday . patron at mcdonald s called 911 and jaajaa and tate were found fighting . jaajaa s sister is now caring for the baby .
santi cazorla has been in the best form of his career for arsenal this year . spanish midfielder s displays have seen him linked to atletico madrid . cazorla says he has heard of interest but is happy to stay in north london . read arsene wenger reveals secrets of his team selection process . click here for the latest arsenal news .
izaak gillen of oregon was taken to randall children s hospital on april 6 with the injury and was pronounced dead the following day . detectives said he was at the babysitter s house when he had skull fracture . medical examiner determined child s manner of death was a homicide . parents justin and stacy gillen said they are deeply saddened by the loss . no arrests have been made and investigators are still looking into incident .
siem de jong has made just one premier league start this season . the 26 year old has been plagued by injuries since joining from ajax . he played 45 minutes as newcastle lost 2 0 at home to derby county . loanee facundo ferreyra replaced de jong at half time . alefe santos and farrend rawson on target for the rams at st james park .
new milford , new jersey , police officer daniel demarco was arrested friday . he was spotted in an elmwood park car lot and was in possession of one bag of crack cocaine , a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia . he was also charged with being under the influence of a controlled dangerous substance and dwi . new milford police confirmed on monday that he s still employed by the force .
florida couple quincy hazel and sabrina golden hazel locked up the 12 year old girl and 17 year old boy in a closet for days on end . they were eventually allowed to sleep on the floor of a bedroom but were fed from a bucket or found food to eat in the trash . their conditions emerged when the boy ran away from home last month and confided in a friend , who spoke to authorities . golden hazel claimed she home schooled the children but there were no books in the home .
daisy fell 10ft from quay into sea during holiday in caernarfon , north wales . westie was rescued by passing fisherman after disappearing below waves . owners dave rickard and his wife brenda gave lifeless pet the kiss of life . mr rickard , 72 , said he acted instinctively to save their beloved pet .
more than 1 . 5 million people are displaced , including 800 , 000 children , unicef says . the kidnappings that inspired bringbackourgirls were a year ago this week . unicef is launching a bringbackourchildhood campaign .
employing asia nannies would help save money in the long run . extension of au pairs visa from six months to a year another option . opening up system to workers from indonesia could help solve crisis . however , opposition leader bill shorten does not agree with this . mr shorten says it s not the way to solve the big challenges in childcare .
clothing can include moratex pack which instantly hardens on impact . has been shown to stop bullets in lab tests yet wearer can move around .
kellie cherie phillips , 38 , and jondrew megil lachaux , are likely in nevada , los angeles or oakland , police say . couple left another 17 year old daughter alone with her own baby and the couple s daughter , 3 . police found dead girl after the 17 year old brought the critically ill baby the hospital .
mohammad qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10 . 30 pm on saturday . he was the assistant secretary general of the jamaat e islami party . militia group collaborated with pakistani army in 1971 independence war . his supporters slammed the decision and have called for a protest .
serie a giants inter milan are stepping up their efforts to sign yaya toure . roberto mancini is keen on working with the midfielder once again . manchester city will offer toure new deal at the end of the season . toure scored in manchester city s 2 1 defeat at selhurst park . read toure accused by carragher of ducking out of the way of puncheon s free kick . click here for all the latest manchester city news .
ronnie o sullivan beats craig steadman 10 3 at the crucible . the five time world champion was 7 2 ahead overnight . o sullivan won the final three frames he required on wednesday morning . the 39 year old was forced to change his shoes on tuesday .
company known for use of publicity stunts . tweet contained pun on name of liverpool s kop stand . it was used to link to liverpool newcastle stats . social media backlash leads to apology .
kaitlyn granado , 24 , first arrested march 19 for relationship with boy , 15 . admitting kissing and letting him touch her and was released on bail . officers quizzed another 15 year old on march 24 over second relationship . granado arrested again amid claims she had sex with second boy in car .
allie davis , 21 , required her boyfriend to score at least 60 per cent to pass . she posted questions and his results to twitter after he scored 80 per cent . allie insists the stunt was n t entirely serious .
a dog owner found cocktail sausages laced with poison when walking pet . the clutch of sausages were hidden among the grass on the cuckoo trail . each sausage packed with so much poison one could have killed a dog . sussex police is warning dog owners about spate of poisonings in the area .
larry mcelroy shot his 74 year old mother in law carol johnson on sunday . johnson was sat inside her mobile home 100 yards away from mcelroy .
barbara beam died in the home she shared with her sister and nephew in greenville , south carolina in january . a coroner ruled that she died from homicide by neglect and prosecutors are now deciding whether to charge her family members . her sister told officers that she had not been moved from her bedroom chair for six months , and beam had sores over her legs . when paramedics removed her from the chair and put her body on the ground , her legs stayed bent in a sitting position , police said .
huddersfield are now mathematically safe after a 0 0 draw with brighton . adam le fondre earns bolton a point in 1 1 home draw with charlton . demarai gray on target for birmingham as they draw 2 2 with blackburn .
diego de girolamo s sheffield united deal expires at the end of the season . portuguese club benfica have asked about the italy under 20 forward . de girolamo is currently on loan at league two club northampton .
misty machinshok of pennsylvania is no longer able to have children . she met gary machinshok on onlinebootycall . com , he moved in with her . he raped her 15 year old daughter every few days throughout 2013 so misty could have another child , she coached them on the best positions . gary , 29 , also sexually assaulted her other daughter , 11 . the two girls are now in foster care , misty sentenced to 15 30 years .
sunderland are interested in signing former chelsea and wigan forward franco di santo , who has recently hit form for werder bremen . di santo is currently rated at 8million by the bundesliga side . black cats sporting director lee congerton knows di santo from their time together at chelsea .
floyd mayweather jnr hit the swimming pool as he continued his training . boxer did laps of the pool as well as water resistance muscle work . mayweather jnr is training ahead of mega fight with manny pacquiao . it is now less than a month before boxing duo meet in las vegas .
alvaro morata had attracted interest from arsenal before joining juventus . spain international made move to italy in 15million deal from real madrid . manchester city are monitoring the 22 year old after impressive season .
martin odegaard was dropped by castilla boss zinedine zidane previously . he was substituted after 65 minutes against tudelano on sunday . castilla were a goal down at the time as odegaard was replaced . click here for all the latest real madrid news .
andras janos vass , 25 , found guilty of human trafficking and racketeering . lured at least two young men to america via planet romeo dating site . thought they would be offered legal escort work , earning 5 , 000 a month . victims said they had travel documents taken and were forced into sex . vass s sex ring , which he allegedly ran with two other men , started in nyc . moved to miami in late 2012 , where vass has been standing trial . he faces up to 155 years in prison for his crime with minimum of 21 years .
henrikh mkhitaryan opened scoring for borussia dortmund on 48 minutes . pierre emerick aubameyang doubled the lead for jurgen klopp s side . shinji kagawa completed the scoring in a comfortable victory for the hosts . manager klopp announced on wednesday that he will leave in the summer .
ivan rakitic and wife raquel mauri shared instagram selfie from the beach . barcelona midfielder is hoping for la liga and champions league glory . lionel messi is expecting a second child with antonella roccuzzo .
dr unt tun maung , 43 , working as a locum gp on teesside at time of attack . he asked vulnerable girl to remove her bra before cupping her breasts . court told he was a clever , respected man who had a moment of madness . currently suspended and is facing general medical council investigation .
juventus beat lazio 2 0 on saturday to move 15 points clear in serie a . carlos tevez and leonardo bonucci scored in the first half for old lady . earlier in the day sampdoria were held to a draw by lowly cesena .
the psa spoof highlights a series of shocking statistics about the number of women working within the movie industry . on broadway last year , 13 out of 13 plays were written by men , while 88 per cent of hit movies in 2014 starred men . the satirical video , which says it s only fair that men have it all includes appearances from other actresses including mamie gummer . in the clip , the women also point out several other areas in which men remain the dominant gender .
sheffield wednesday beat brentford 1 0 in the championship on tuesday . wednesday equalled club record of 17 clean sheets in a season with win . tom lees and kieren westwood in mix for club s player of the year award .
ben crenshaw will replace arnold palmer for the par three contest . palmer is recovering from dislocated shoulder but will be honorary starter . crenshaw joins gary player and jack nicklaus for the event opener .
manuel pellegrini s job at manchester city is precarious . the premier league champions have struggled this season . city met with jurgen klopp two years ago but opted for pellegrini . the dortmund manager will leave the club at the end of this campaign .
village watchman fought off a wild leopard armed with only a stick in india . managed to strike the big cat on the head before it dumped him to the floor . bystanders could be heard screaming as it stood at the feet of the man . managed to fend off the leopard with his stick while still on the ground .
craze has taken off thanks to owners posting pictures on social media . initial idea was to give the pets a more eye grabbing and clean cut look . one dog salon worker in taipei has insisted that the dogs do n t mind .
the whale , varvara , swam a round trip from russia to mexico , nearly 14 , 000 miles . the previous record was set by a humpback whale that migrated more than 10 , 000 miles .
former us president george h . w . bush looked in good health on friday as he accompanied australian tennis player roy emerson to a tennis game . bush , 90 , lives in the houston area with his wife barbara and has attended many atp fundraisers and charity events throughout the years . back in december , bush , who suffers from parkinson s , was hospitalized for shortness of breath for about a week .
tyler macniven , who won the ninth season of the amazing race , filmed a save the date for his upcoming wedding . in the video , macniven and his fiancee kelly hennigan battle friends and in the end escape one very large explosion . the couple s wedding will be on september 26 , 2015 , though the video fails to say where the ceremony will take place .
2 million worth of stolen artwork has been found in a caretakers garage . works were stolen in 2010 after being taken from home in darling point . three luxury cars were also found during the police raid . the works belonged to property investor , peter o mara . his insurance company paid out 1million after the theft and will now claim the paintings .
sam reese , 22 , appeared on the channel 4 show first dates . the male model suggested he split the 350 dinner bill with his date . he claims he has received death threats over his behaviour .
flir systems inc . has agreed to pay 9 . 5 million to settle bribery charges filed by the securities and exchange commission . the sec said the thermal imaging company earned more than 7 million in profits from sales influenced by the gifts . the commission said two employees in flir s dubai office gave luxury watches to five officials with the saudi arabia ministry of interior in 2009 . the company also arranged travel for saudi officials , including a 20 night trip with stops in beirut , casablanca , dubai , new york and paris .
jeanette rosenquist spotted the bird just outside copenhagen , denmark . bird collected moss , grass and straw to line nest in damaged street light . blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to ready a nest for eggs . female usually builds nest by herself with little or no help from the male .
jared quirk , 18 , collapsed while walking through athens with classmates . died in greek hospital on friday on third day of foreign school trip . he is the third senior from rockland high school , massachusetts , to die since october .
bundesliga top goalscorer alexander meier is out for the season . the eintracht frankfurt striker requires knee surgery . meier has scored 19 league goals this season , ahead of bayern munich duo arjen robben 17 and robert lewandowski 16 . but robben is also injured which could mean lewandowski securing the accolade for the second consecutive season .
female student , who has not been identified , pictured in snapchat photo . detailed reasons why usc wifi blows on board using a red marker pen . reasons included ratchets and parking , but top of the list was n s . student , formerly of kappa delta chapter sorority , has been suspended . also facing university code of conduct investigation into the incident .
dash cam footage captures 36 screaming 7th graders on board . dodge durango can be seen hitting another suv then hurtling toward bus . police said the driver , a 44 year old man , has a history of seizures . five pupils were hospitalized , 11 treated at the scene on monday at 8am . suv driver is in serious condition in hospital .
four teens busted towing nearly 2 , 000 cans of beer and ten litres of spirits . stopped on interstate for driving pick up and trailer with expired tag . they told deputies they were heading to gulf shores for spring break .
sergio aguero went up against marco reus in an unusual head to head . the stars were helping promote puma s newest football boot . the manchester city revealed that his side have n t given up on the league . click here for all the latest manchester city news .
jordan morris scored the first goal of the game after half time . juan agudelo scored for the usa for the first time since 2011 . jurgan klinsmann s are preparing for the concacaf gold cup .
manchester united are set to strengthen their squad again this summer . felipe anderson has attracted interest from psg and manchester city . liverpool and arsenal are also keen on lazio s brazilian midfielder . louis van gaal hopes to sign two strikers when the transfer window opens . gonzalo higuain is unsettled at napoli with boss rafa benitez set to leave .
jermain defoe received a mixed reception from fans in newcastle . the 32 year old was introduced to the crowd at a wwe event . defoe scored the winner for sunderland in tyne wear derby on sunday .
pension firms said britons remain baffled about how radical changes work . over 55s are now able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots . some customers in their 20s have been trying to withdraw retirement savings , despite being three decades too young . others do not know they face hefty tax bill if they remove all cash at once .
kevin pietersen signed a new contract with surrey last month . he has confirmed that he will play against oxford mccu later this month . pietersen is still hoping to win an england recall .
jacques burger was cited for striking racing metro s maxime machenaud . saracens defeated racing with the last kick of the game in the quarter final . mark mccall s side face leicester tigers on saturday . burger received a one week ban for his strike on machenaud . the openside will miss the tigers game , but will be free to play clermont .
jury selection has begun in oklahoma for the murder trial of chancey luna . luna is accused of shooting dead australian baseball player chris lane . lane , 22 , from melbourne , was jogging along a street in the rural southern oklahoma city of duncan in august 2013 when he was shot in the back .
image went viral after it was posted by user bobitis on reddit . the unnamed youth , from new york , knelt on a chair to reach whiteboard . the boy is the son of new york professor and drew map from memory .
those who often dine out are more likely to have elevated blood pressure . eating out is associated with higher calorie , saturated fat and salt intake . researchers found 27 . 4 of singapore s population had pre hypertension . of these , more than a third ate more than 12 meals out every week .
greg hardy s league ban to begin on september 5 . hardy signed with the dallas cowboys in march . hardy was arrested and charged in may last year with assaulting and threatening to kill his ex girlfriend . the case was dismissed in court in february after a lack of co operation from the accuser .
mo farah will compete at the birmingham grand prix in june . olympic gold medalist wants to prepare for world championships . farah will join jessica ennis hill and greg rutherford for sainsbury s anniversary games .
albert webb , 51 , ran con with sons jimmy chuter , 26 , and jesse webb , 19 . trio targeted the elderly , accosting them in the street near their homes . gang claimed they were coming to collect money for bogus roof repairs . as victims suffered from dementia they often handed over the cash .
diane blankenship , 45 , was arrested at her home in tampa on friday . she is accused of having sex with a boy , 14 , in her car . in another incident she had sex with a boy , 17 , at his house before school . she is said to be a clerical worker at dayspring academy .
queen s club will host great britain s quarter final against france in july . andy murray and gb captain leon smith were keen to play at queen s . tie is five days after wimbledon finishes so could not be played at sw19 .
paris saint germain won 3 2 at ligue 1 title rivals marseille on sunday . david luiz tore his hamstring during the stade velodrome encounter . luiz will be out for at least four weeks after scans revealed the injury .
oscar was withdrawn at half time in win over stoke city last weekend . chelsea boss jose mourinho criticised oscar publicly after stoke game . brazilian midfielder has not completed 90 minutes in last 11 games . jose mourinho s side visit qpr in the premier league on sunday .
radamel falcao could still earn permanent deal with manchester united . colombian striker joined united on a one year loan deal in september . falcao has less than impressed during his time in the premier league . monaco vice president vadim vasilyev claims club could still sign falcao .
a protective dad made a t shirt for his daughter showing him with the message stay clear boys , this is my dad ! . the image was first posted to reddit and has since been shared tens of thousands of times .
75 of parents with children over 18 have at least one still living with them . less than half ask for rent as they feel too guilty to ask . those that do , charge considerable less than the uk average . 8 out of 10 still buy their adult children s groceries and cook dinner .
chelsea to play three matches inside six days in the united states . they will face new york red bulls , paris saint germain and barcelona . fiorentina will then travel to stamford bridge for friendly on august 5 . four matches will make up chelsea s participation in champions cup . read chelsea interested in 43m antoine griezmann .
spanish woman allegedly stabbed british partner and two children . the family were found dead in a flat in gibraltar earlier this week . anarda de la caridad perez friman suffered from post natal depression . british man identified as john joseph shannon , 31 , from liverpool .
amy wilkinson , 28 , falsely claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit . court gives her suspended sentence and orders her to pay back 18 , 000 . her grandfather tommy docherty managed man united from 1972 to 1977 .
teacher karstein erstad found thousands of live worms on top of the snow . there have been reports of worm rainfall in norway following his report . mr erstad says the very rare phenomenon happened in sweden in 1920s .
video posted by youtube user richard stewart showing a porsche cayman flying out of control . police cited unidentified driver for the crash . car reportedly wrecked and needed to be towed from the scene .
several dea agents were participating in alleged sex parties in colombia starting in 2001 according to a new report . the parties featured prostitutes paid for by drug cartels . this news comes two weeks after a report found that at least 7 agents admitted sleeping with prostitutes while on overseas assignments . instead of firing or prosecuting agents , the dea treated prostitution cases as local management issue and suspended them for no more than 14 days .
v . stiviano must pay back 2 . 6 million in gifts from donald sterling . sterling s wife claimed the ex clippers used the couple s money for the gifts . the items included a ferrari , two bentleys and a range rover .
raja , the king cobra , has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin . the snake , which is at gosford s australian reptile park , weighs 8kg . he s about as thick as my legs , veteran handler billy collett said . its venom will be distributed between research institutes across australia .
reality tv star said mr miliband definitely topped her list of politicians . she was asked who she would pick in a game of snog , marry or avoid . bright said mr miliband was good looking and had good dress sense . it comes after the labour leader became an unlikely pin up for teen girls . thousands of teenagers took to twitter claiming to be milifans .
hbo released a teaser video for the new season , starting june 21 . the series stars colin farrell and vince vaughn .
photographer yener torun sought to show a new side to istanbul , with the modern colourful buildings . minimalistic pictures with the traditional ornate buildings , mosques and palaces . the photographer has gained a large following for his vibrant pictures on instagram .
president michelle bachelet signs law that will take effect in six months . chile joins several other south american nations that allow the unions .
ukip leader posed for tradition campaign photo while out in thanet , kent . nick clegg also stopped for pictures with mothers and their babies . it comes after david cameron admitted he was broody for another baby . the prime minister also posed feeding orphaned lambs on easter sunday .
hans wilhelm muller wohlfahrt has been working with paula radcliffe . radcliffe admits she was close to pulling out of sunday s london marathon . the annual race will be radcliffe s final competitive marathon of her career . german doctor muller wohlfahrt has previously worked with ronaldo .
an fbi affidavit from november 2014 that was recently unsealed reveals translator xiaoming gao shared information with an alleged chinese spy . gao was paid thousands of dollars to provide information on u . s . persons and a u . s . government employee . she also lived with a state department employee who had top secret clearance and who revealed they spoke about work with the woman . despite all this she was never prosecuted , and left her position at the office of language services in february 2014 .
roy keane pleads not guilty to committing a public order offence . he is alleged to have been involved in a road rage incident with taxi driver . keane is accused of causing harassment , alarm or distress to the driver . he will face trial at manchester magistrates court on june 19 .
the person climbed the fence on the south side of the white house complex . charges are pending .
lori smith filmed her pooch boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door . after more than 20 seconds and numerous head taps boomer appears resting in the same position .
karim benzema missed real madrid s win against malaga with knee injury . carlo ancelotti had hoped the french striker would n t be out for long . welsh forward gareth bale could also miss champions league clash .
manchester united have won six consecutive premier league games . daley blind wants red devils to focus on run in starting with chelsea . holland international credited wayne rooney for inspiring derby win . gary neville man united can beat anyone at the moment .
indonesian president widodo warned it wo n t be long until convicted drug smugglers andrew chan and myuran sukumaran face the firing squad . the two australians will be put to death along eight other drug felons . three of them are currently awaiting the results of their appeals . president widodo said he will not get involved in outstanding appeals .
roof of silverstone race track was damaged by high winds . a section of the 27m building was affected by weather earlier this week . upcoming races and events at silverstone will not be affected .
manchester city were beaten 4 2 by their rivals united at old trafford . the defending premier league champions will listen to offers for stars . yaya toure and samir nasri are allowed to leave the etihad this summer .
katie gallegos from clackamas county , oregon , decided to take the pooch to a mcdonald s drive thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy . but while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks , cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite . gallegos says ice cream is a weekly treat for her pets .
cheryl rios of dallas posted her views on her facebook page on sunday after hillary clinton announced that she was going to run for president . with the hormones we have , there is no way a woman should be able to start a war , she wrote in her post . rios , the ceo of go ape marketing and says she women can be successful in business , but does n t think a woman can run the country . rios said she would move to canada if hillary clinton became president .
some complained about the film s depiction of the iraq war . a petition asked the university not to show the bradley cooper film .
floyd mayweather has posted a video showing off 210 , 000 purchase . the video shows the mercedes maybach s600 at a number of angles . boxing legend mayweather has an incredible collection of sports cars . the american takes on manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 . the 38 year old is expected to get 120million for fight with pacquiao .
john carver says his players must lift the pressure with a victory . newcastle travel to anfield to face champions league chasing liverpool . rolando aarons and siem de jong are back training but unavailable . click here for all the latest newcastle news .
britain was sixth from last in a list of the world s most religious countries . in thailand 94 per cent of people deemed themselves religious by contrast . china had the smallest religious community with 61 per cent are atheists . those under 34 tended to be more religious than other groups , found poll .
duli hembrom wrote to the principal at milan mithi uchha vidyalaya . said parents refused to cancel the wedding and did not want to go ahead . child marriage restraint act specifies a girl must be 18 before she can wed .
robot has been drawing crowds at hong kong electronics event this week . it can recognise and respond to human facial expressions in natural way . known as ham , the head was designed by us firm hanson robotics . made using soft bodied mechanical engineering and nanotechnology .
predator seen attacking hippo calf in kruger national park , south africa . as the hippo emerges from the water it becomes separated from its mother . lion seizes opportunity and leaps on to animal attempting to land killer bite . but the hippo s mother charges on to scene forcing the big cat to retreat .
radamel falcao joined manchester united on on loan last summer . striker has only managed four goals in a disappointing season . nabil dirar said he would have been better off saying at monaco . read gareth bale wo n t be sold to man united , insists zinedine zidane . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
officer michael rapiejko said he needed to use lethal force to stop the suspect . mario valencia was carrying a rifle and fired one round into the air . rapiejko said two options crossed his mind and it was too far to shoot valencia .
reports emerged on social media suggesting mike ashley was now the official owner of the light blues trademarks . rangers have promised to investigate the claims . ashley was given security over the icons and logos as part of the 5m loan .
chipotle is stepping away from using gmos genetically modified organisms as ingredients . the company s rice , meat marinades , chips , salsa , and tortillas will not be made with gmos . however , gmo feed is still consumed by the chickens and pigs the company uses . chipotle co ceo steve ells has said they say these ingredients are safe , but i think we all know we d rather have food that does n t contain them .
leroy fer has not played since damaging knee ligaments in mid february . qpr boss chris ramsey hopes he will make the squad to face west ham . defenders richard dunne and yun suk young have returned from injury .
pakistan cricket board chairman shaharyar khan aiming for tour in may . khan said zimbabwe is close to agreeing to five odi matches in pakistan . pakistan has n t played a test nation at home since 2009 terrorist attack .
petr cech looks set to leave chelsea at the end of the season . the 32 year old goalkeeper revealed last week he does not want to spend another season as understudy to first choice thibaut courtois . cech has made just five premier league appearances this season . former chelsea goalkeeper carlo cudicini feels arsenal should sign him . read arsenal waiting for cech decision before they move for keeper . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
andy awford has been sacked as manager of league two portsmouth . decision comes after the blues disappointing 3 1 defeat to morecambe . portsmouth were tipped for promotion , but have endured a poor campaign . blues sit 11 points adrift of the play off places with four games to play .
nypd officers shot dead a suspect as he fled from the scene of a crime and opened fire wednesday night . this after they received a call reporting shots fired at a bar . a weapon was recovered , and no officers were injured .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2 1 at selhurst park on monday night . jason puncheon s free kick doubled palace s lead in the second half . yaya toure was accused of ducking out of the way of the winning goal . sportsmail s jamie carragher the rest of them are desperate to be hit with the ball in the face and it s poor from yaya toure . gary neville city have a mentality problem . . . they can not sustain success .
britney e . montenegro was charged with disorderly conduct . she got into a fight in downtown orlando about 2 . 40 am saturday . police say she charged at another woman with her fists raised . she had a minor cut on her shoulder and blood all over her face . montenegro is a college student and originally from queens , new york .
ebay retailer said prices for manny pacquiao items have risen 10 times since the fight with floyd mayweather was confirmed in february . pacquiao autographed boxing gloves have also risen at least 50 per cent . sales tripled at team pacquiao store , owned by manny , in general santos . pacquiao and mayweather fight on may 2 in the richest bout in history .
. 50 caliber bullets equipped with optical sensors can follow moving targets . the smart bullets can help shooters compensate for high winds . the goal of the program is to give shooters greater range and make american troops safer .
dartford goalkeeper jason brown was racially abused in october last year . the former blackburn goalkeeper was facing bristol rovers . brown criticised kick it out for not doing enough with the case .
sandra garratt died on good friday after more than a year spent in agony . the 56 year old underwent two operations on her back for a slipped disc . but her pain was so severe afterwards not even morphine could relieve it . days before her death doctors said there was nothing more they could do . mrs garratt s grieving husband said the news had been the final straw . hours before her death , she told him she was just popping out for awhile . for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here .
a new report from suncorp bank found australians spent 20 billion on technology in the past year . men spent twice as much as women on computers , digital accessories , mobile apps , and streaming services . families with children at home spend 50 per cent more to stay digitally than singles , couples without children and empty nesters . one third of households do n t budget for technology or wildly underestimate how much they will spend . .
the 79th masters tournament gets underway at augusta national on thursday . rory mcilroy and tiger woods will be the star attractions in the field bidding for the green jacket at 2015 masters . mcilroy , justin rose , ian poulter , graeme mcdowell and more gave sportsmail the verdict on each hole at augusta . click on the brilliant interactive graphic below for details on each hole of the masters 2015 course . click here for all the latest news from the masters 2015 .
fifty top fashionistas all posted photos of the same lord taylor dress on instagram at the weekend . the retailer has admitted that the bloggers got unspecified compensation to lend their credability and give the dress their seal of approval . the ploy proved an instant success as the 88 paisley asymmetrical dress sold out and created an online buzz for the entire design lab collection . the deal highlights the gray area of bloggers failing to disclose when they ve received payment for promoting some goods and services .
peter gale has been fired from nonsuch high school for girls in surrey . headteacher accused of inappropriate and unprofessional behaviour . governors said there had been serious breaches in safeguarding . but the high performing school refused to confirm nature of allegations .
larry reid was arrested about 12 30 p . m . monday on u . s . highway 95 . the incident happened on a highway in nevada near boulder city .
the women of japan swear by the beauty from within philosophy . mahonia is a traditional herbal treatment for acne . berry native to the rocky mountains that s been used by tribes for years . its compounds give it antibacterial and anti inflammatory benefits .
gemma , 23 , has left her children to be raised by her mother . handed them to her 52 year old parent when they were four months old . spends her time partying and has missed out on seeing them grow up . is now at risk of being banned from seeing them thanks to feckless ways . mother debbie also says the unemployed 23 year old has stolen from them . the jeremy kyle show , weekdays at 9 . 25 am on itv .
the rhs has warned about the grey sprawl with front gardens paved over . around 7million grassy front gardens have been replaced with paving . rhs is calling on people to plant trees , shrubs and climbers to go green . claims seeing a green front garden boosts mood for 95 per cent of people .
brighton giving young players training in law surrounding sexual consent . the seagulls are the first to provide counselling to youth players . part of training involves taking part in question and answer sessions .
cathryn parker , 72 , gave a false name at a traffic stop in la last month . police realized she was also leasing her home with another name . case unraveled to be one of the worst cases of identity theft in the state . most of her identities are stolen from hollywood production staffers . anyone with information regarding the case is asked to contact the lapd on 661 940 3851 .
pop star taylor swift revealed thursday that her mom has cancer . the nature and severity of andrea swift s cancer have not been divulged .
joe hart conceded four goals in man city s 4 2 defeat at old trafford . the man city stopper appears to have given up on trying to catch arsenal . hart said after sunday s defeat that it s essential to try and finish third . read gloves on april 12 ? ! . read ashley young laughs at city as united silence noisy neighbours .
kevin pietersen lined up with surrey team mates for team photo . batsman was in a jovial mood as he joked with photographers at kia oval . pietersen could be in line for a return to england test team this summer . paul downton dismissal as managing director has opened door .
a series of photos sees japanese dads jumping next to their daughters . they are part of a new book by japanese photographer y ki aoyama . the book s title roughly translates as daughter and salary man .
graphic images appeared on defunct young entrepreneurs awards sites . pornographic site took over address after the page was shut down in 2011 . hsbc has since apologised for error and denied association with the page .
pete evans dropped as a celebrity ambassador by food chain sumo salad . the salad chain are denying this is related to his paleo controversies . evans infant cookbook bubba yum yum the paleo way was set for release on friday march 13 but was delayed due to health concerns . it is co authored with blogger charlotte carr and naturopath helen padarin . the book is becoming a self published digital book released this month .
the raiders stripped off before entering the esso station in caterham . police have released cctv images of two of the three would be raiders . the men escaped with one staff member s mobile phone but no cash . a third man has been arrested and is on police bail following the incident .
the husky was injured and diseased when found by rspca inspectors . the dog has an injury to his right rear leg , possibly from being hit by a car . he is also extremely underweight and has secondary skin infections . the dog is being fed a special diet to help him gain weight . the husky has been named hero and is now being treated by rspca vets .
reckless by election majority of 2 , 920 in rochester and strood my be lost . it s just the latest secret polling bombshell to hit nigel farage s party . top ukip source said it is not looking easy for mark , but we are hopeful .
ross barkley has been repeatedly linked with a move to manchester city . former city star gareth barry says his everton team mate is too young . the toffees face manchester united in the premier league onsunday .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .
wayne rooney looked down as he filled his 100 , 000 range rover . rooney played in midfield during manchester united s loss to chelsea . the 29 year old was happy with his sides performance despite the loss . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
georginio wijnaldum is set to guide psv to their first title in seven years . dutch giants can win eredivisie with a win over heerenveen on saturday . manchester united , arsenal and newcastle have been linked with him . midfielder has scored 16 goals in all competitions for psv this term .
chelsy , 29 , wore ripped jeans and chic blazer on night out in london . it was the second consecutive night out for prince harry s ex . joined friends on tuesday at launch of the ivy club , chelsea .
the israeli military says the militants were trying to plant a bomb . the men crossed from syria , israel says .
the two males arrested are 21 and 15 years old , st . louis police say in a tweet . a video that went viral showed three black males attacking a white man .
april 8 , 2014 , the who finally started reporting the ebola epidemic was a concern . front line health care workers and ebola survivors say the world has to act quicker .
monaco loanee radamel falcao is not expected to stay at man utd . juventus have ruled out a move for the colombia star over high wages . serie a champions have expressed interest in palermo s paulo dybala and edinson cavani of paris saint germain .
jeff powell looks ahead to saturday s fight at the mgm grand . floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao in 300m showdown . both fighters arrived in las vegas on tuesday with public appearances . read mayweather makes official arrival ahead of manny pacquiao fight . al haymon the man behind mayweather who is revolutionising boxing . mayweather vs pacquiao takes centre stage . . . but who s on the undercard ? .
a fan re edited batman v . superman dawn of justice trailer with classic scenes from older batman and superman tv and film . adam west and christopher reeve replace ben affleck and henry cavill in the re imagined trailer .
winemakers accused of trying to hide calorie count from consumers . proposed eu regulations would force makers to put calories on bottle . producers say calorie counts on label would increase production costs .
sir alex ferguson managed manchester united between 1986 2013 . 73 year old won 38 trophies during his 26 and a half years in charge . honours include 13 premier league titles and two champions leagues .
italy and england drew 1 1 in a friendly at juventus stadium on tuesday . graziano pelle netted for italy , his second goal in just three caps . southampton striker has not scored in premier league since december .
eddie hearn made offer to carl frampton live on television . talks for a fight against scott quigg have stalled , leading to hearn s offer . but ibf super bantamweight world champion was scathing in reply . hearn then hit back at frampton on twitter . click here for all the latest boxing news .
scheldeprijs classic ended in disaster after a huge crash in final kilometre . sam bennett suffered shocking injuries to his back and shoulders . the 24 year old bora argon 18 rider revealed injuries on instagram . team sky s bradley wiggins was involved in the race but avoided crash . alexander kristoff went on to win the event after avoiding the accident .
hackers reportedly wormed their way into the white house system by breaching the state department s network first . cyber bandits took over a state department email account and sent phishing email containing malware to white house . obama aide said white house in 2014 disclosed cyber intrusions that did not affect classified information . six month probe reportedly uncovered evidence pointing to hackers working on behalf of kremlin .
officers were on the hard shoulder of the m5 when they saw the caravan . were forced to dive out of the way when they saw its back window open . jumped to safety with seconds to spare before being decapitated .
2005 to 2008 models of mini cooper and mini cooper s face recall . only one person injured so far because of error in passenger detection mat . bmw will offer free replacement mat for part manufactured in germany . ten per cent of models being recalled thought to be affected by problem .
hollywood reporter released their annual stylist list . three stylists to australian actors naomi watts , cate blanchett and margot robbie feature . elizabeth stewart is no . 6 , cristina ehrlich no . 8 , and jeanann williams no . 9 .
fabio capello believes england would be much stronger with john terry . terry was accused of racially abusing anton ferdinand back in 2011 . the defender was stripped of the england captaincy by the fa . former england boss capello believes terry should have kept his role .
burnley host tottenham in the barclays premier league on sunday . sam vokes only goal this season came against spurs in the fa cup . tottenham defender ben davies ready for clarets test at turf moor .
dina amos larkin was in salou , spain for a four day sports festival . plunged 50ft off balcony at hotel jaime 1 around midnight on april 3 . law student , 21 , was in medically induced coma for two weeks . gofundme page has been set up to raise 20 , 000 to get her home .
the hot air balloon crashed into the tower during a training session . video footage shows balloon breaking apart as basket plummets . people on board received cuts and bruises but all survived . the terrifying incident took place in russia s dmitrov district .
bookmakers coral have sue perkins as favourite to replace ousted clarkson . she is evens to take the job behind x factor presenter dermot o leary on 2 1 . bbc sacked clarkson after he hit top gear producer oisin tymon in public .
the internet is raging about a cat going upordown . the debate is fueled by an optical illusion photo . the story brings to mind the furor over thedress .
breast cancer patients may be spared chemotherapy thanks to new tests . tests pinpoint genetic markers in tumour and determine aggressiveness . they are available privately for 2 , 500 and may be rolled out soon on nhs . women told within days whether they have a high risk of disease returning .
ander herrera has scored seven goals since joining manchester united . some have compared the spaniard to united legend paul scholes . but the former athletic bilbao midfielder says scholes is a one off . herrera reveals that his favourite united goal came against yeovil .
stoke manager mark hughes has a net spend of around 6million . he is confident the club will back him in this summer s transfer window . hughes hopes to tie down no 1 goalkeeper asmir begovic . the ex portsmouth stopper is out of contract at the end of next season .
perth glory fans , who set off flares , will face the prospect of a five year ban . this comes after police charged two teens for allegedly setting of flares . a 13 year old boy suffered burns to his leg and was taken to hospital . the 16 year old and 15 year old were charged with grievous bodily harm . the pair will appear at the perth children s court next month .
jose mourinho watched marcus bettinelli when fulham played rotherham . bettinelli made his fulham debut this season and has one year left on his deal . mourinho reportedly sees him as a potential no 2 to thibaut courtois .
roger federer decided not to take part in the miami open this year . instead , the world no 2 has been enjoying some downtime in the snow . he posted a picture of himself posing with his racket and a snowball .
youtube user lionel hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest .
lewis hamilton will start on pole in china . pushed teammate rosberg into second on the last lap . rosberg refused to shake hamilton s hand afterward .
bristol city have been promoted from league one to the championship . james tavernier opened the scoring for the robins after 16minutes . joe bryan doubled the visitor s first half lead with a close range header . luke ayling scored a third before aden flint added another with a header . tevernier added his second and aaron wilbraham completed the rout .
jin pai was standing on rim of a toilet in hefei xinqiao international airport . the porcelain toilet then tipped over and shattered on the floor . the 35 year old is left with deep cuts to his leg and buttocks .
mascot among dozen of staff concerned about their jobs . from august , adidas will replace nike as united s kit supplier . workers at old trafford megastore offered no assurances about jobs . nike say they have entered into a consultation process with staff .
victor wanyama has starred in the heart of southampton s midfield . reports claim he has spoken to arsene wenger over a summer transfer . team mate morgan schneiderlin has also been linked with the gunners . read bacary sagna insists he does not regret leaving arsenal . read arsenal fans should give cesc fabregas a good welcome .
jose mourinho left real madrid in 2013 after a series of public fall outs . but alvaro arbeloa says he could see the special one returning to real . he credits mourinho as the foundation of champions league success . arbeloa says his spell ended well but chelsea boss is happy in london . mourinho is said to be on good terms with 40m target raphael varane .
southampton have scored seven time in their last 10 league games . manager ronald koeman feels a return to scoring will boost europe hopes . southampton are seventh , a point behind liverpool and tottenham on 53 . click here for all the latest southampton news .
elizabeth sedway , 51 , has rare plasma cancer and was returning to california with her husband and two children from hawaii vacation . sedway shared video of her removal from alaska airlines flight on facebook . she said airline representative took note of her because she was wearing a surgical mask and was sitting in handicapped section of boarding area . sedway was told the airline was concerned she might collapse on the plane . the cancer patient is expected to miss two chemotherapy sessions because of the delay caused by the airline .
bafetimbi gomis suffered a grade two hamstring tear earlier this month . striker is set to be on the sidelines for another two to three weeks . gomis returned to france to work on recovery and spend time with family .
broad slipped in his delivery stride and was left clutching left ankle . england bowler had complained about damp crease at warner park . ground staff placed sand on the crease but broad slipped over next ball . he required lengthy treatment on the field and an ice pack off it . broad should be able to continue in practice match with st kitts team . england loaned their hosts trott , ballance and bairstow for more practice . trott was out for a duck off the bowling of team mate james anderson .
four men have been caught on cctv robbing a service station in tecomba , melbourne . the men filled a doona cover with 38 , 000 worth of cigarettes . however they failed to get the large loot in the boot . they decided to drag it alongside the car instead and lost about a third of their stash . the men are wanted for five similar break ins in the area .
hand written cardboard signs appear on lampposts in milford , surrey . mystery surrounds who created then and the reason behind the gesture . signs asked the intended recipient to forgive me and recall their first date . others contained declarations of love and said i ve never been happier .
randy pierce was one of only 10 percent of competitors to successfully leap off a ledge , grab onto a rope and ring a bell while 25 feet in the air . pierce lost his sight at 22 from a neurological disease . he left his wheelchair for good in 2006 and has been running and climbing ever since . hiked all 48 mountains in new hampshire with his guide dog quinn . will run in memory of quinn , who passed away last year from cancer .
japanese maglev train sets new speed record 603 kilometers per hour . the train is planned to begin service in 2027 .
clip shows mysterious black cloud hanging over the village of shortandy . the perfect hoop shape sat in the air not moving for more than 15 minutes . eerie video has been viewed tens of thousands of times on youtube . while some viewers are suggesting the cloud was an alien spacecraft , experts think it could have been caused by nearby factories .
man posted advertisement seeking girlfriend wife on gumtree . rich , 31 , says potential partner would be showered with gifts and benefits . post says the lucky girl would a gym membership , phone , laptop and car . previous applicants need not apply no exs the advertisement says .
harvey boulter revealed former defence secretary took a friend abroad . he is now giving money to the opposition of tom tugendhat .
romelu lukaku has opened up about receiving racist abuse when just 15 . lukaku spoke on thursday at a kick it out session in a liverpool school . former chelsea front man admits racism still exists in modern football . lukaku reveals heavenly feeling of playing alongside arouna kone .
kevin gill , 45 , found an injured gator and took it to his home in naples , florida for his son to nurse back to health . but when officers were serving a search warrant on the family s home for an unrelated issue , they found the gator and arrested gill . anyone who wants to own an alligator in florida must complete 1 , 000 hours of training regardless of the reptile s size .
british driver will stevens did not compete in australia or malaysia . he hopes manor s problems are now over and he will be able to race . the chinese grand prix takes place in shanghai on sunday .
a sydney woman has put up posters to find the man who lent his umbrella . missiesmile21 is actively looking for the man with most beautiful smile . the gentleman helped her cross a road during tuesday nights downpour .
shinjiro kumagai is a priest at a buddhist temple in southwest japan . he dresses as iconic japanese hero kamen rider and hunts drink drivers . the temple sponsors his cause by funding the costume and cyclone bike . kumagai has the support of police and is an official drink drive patrolman . kamen rider was a popular japanese superhero series airing in the 1970s .
gorilla leaps toward exhibit window and hits it , sending family running . . zoo says patrons were never in danger . .
youngsters were at the arcadia palms apartment complex in las vegas . residents then heard an explosion and saw a huge plume of smoke . police say it was accidental and they are not expecting to file any charges . authorities said the pair who died were related .
cetaphil is found in pharmacy aisles beside creams to treat skin conditions . cleanser is fragrance and soap free and contains just eight ingredients . celebrity fans include amanda holden , charlize theron and olivia wilde .
hashim amla will join derbyshire on short term deal to play five matches . amla will play three t20 blast and two county championship matches . south africa test captain s first match will be against northamptonshire .
brown was consigned to even more time on the sidelines to recover from the latest high profile head injury . he has not played since the final round of the rbs 6 nations on march 21 , is still suffering headaches after a week long holiday in dubai . the episode raises questions about whether the 29 year old was brought back too early for england s title decider against france .
leicester city take on west ham at the king power stadium on saturday . foxes boss nigel pearson has come under fire this season for some of his antics this season . these have included outbursts to the press and an altercation with crystal palace midfielder james mcarthur in february . west ham manager sam allardyce has defended pearson and his record . the pair have worked together before when pearson was part of allardyce s coaching team at newcastle in 2007 .
the tiger sanctuary has been told their 147 cats must be handed over . wat pa luangta bua yanasampanno does not have permits for the tigers . the animals will be rehoused at breeding centres in thailand . animal rights activists have been campaigning against the treatment of the chained tigers posing with tourists for photos for years .
colombia striker spotted out and about in manchester on thursday . radamel falcao scored three times in two games for his country . falcao has not found his best form , but wants to stay at old trafford .
state s department of fish and game ruled that the family must die . mother and cubs had been spotted eating from trash cans in anchorage . plans are being made for bear proof trash cans to stop situation repeating .
eniola aluko has been superb for chelsea this season . manchester city defender lucy bronze is the current holder of the women s pfa players player of the year award . karen carney is the youngster player to have earned 100 caps for england . notts county s jess clarke has also made the shortlist . kelly smith is england s all time leading scorer with 46 goals to her name .
david de gea has been integral to man united s success this season . spanish keeper has been linked with a move to real madrid in the summer . phil neville says keeping de gea would be best business the club can do . gareth bale and de gea swap ? . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
tim tebow is expected to sign with the team monday , in time to participate in the entire off season program , reports say . he last played an nfl game in 2013 with the new york jets . since then he s been a college football commentator on sec network . tebow won millions of fans for his public displays of his christian faith on and off the field . his inaccurate passing and lack of pocket presence plagued him in nfl .
doctors and nurses have criticised ashya s parents in bbc documentary . dr wilson claims chemotherapy was essential to reduce chances of five year old s cancer returning . complained of vitriol to which he had been subjected as a result of case . consultant warns case which saw parents ignore medical advice to take ashya to prague for proton beam therapy could set a worrying precedent .
kieran lee s second half goal wins the game for sheffield wednesday . alan judge missed a one on one chance to equalise for brentford . brentford now sit outside the play off places after a damaging defeat .
larry upright wrote impassioned plea for people not to send the democrat to the white house in 2016 . family said that upright would most likely be up there giggling right now .
main stand redevelopment at anfield starting to take shape . pictures showed new steel structures higher than existing stand . expansion of main stand will be completed by 2016 17 season . capacity of anfield will increase from 45 , 000 to 54 , 000 .
andres iniesta started on the bench as spain lost 2 0 to holland . iniesta entered the fray in the 76th minute at the amsterdam arena . the spain star was booed by the dutch fans . iniesta scored the winner against holland in the 2010 world cup final .
driver played demolition derby through streets of banglamung in thailand . police shot out three tyres to stop the car as it drove into oncoming traffic . angry mob surrounded the vehicle after it stopped to attack blond driver .
conservationist edwin sabuhoro founded a cultural village in rwanda . the village provides work for poachers and unemployed youth .
boy fell down hole in peterborough , cambridgeshire , and trapped his leg . rescue crews worked to free the boy , who remained stuck for half an hour . loose plastic drain cover thought to have been kicked out of position . do you know the boy ? .
parents of martin richard argue against death penalty for dzhokhar tsarnaev . the 8 year old boy was youngest of victims in the boston marathon bombings . sentencing phase for tsarnaev begins next week .
nottingham forest are close to extending dougie freedman s contract . the forest boss took over from former manager stuart pearce in february . freedman has since lead the club to ninth in the championship .
the 20 year old signed for 16million from southampton in july 2014 . calum chambers has made 36 appearances for arsenal so far this season . chambers sees his club and international future playing centre back . arsenal face reading in the fa cup semi finals on saturday evening .
david beckham was a spectator as romeo competed in mini marathon . beckham was joined by wife victoria and sons brooklyn and cruz . family congratulated romeo , 12 , at the finish line of three mile course .
the executive director of zeta beta tau fraternity apologizes for ugly and unacceptable behavior . university of florida and emory university fraternity members are being investigated . wounded veterans , fraternity members stayed at the same resort at panama city beach , florida .
alvarado finished in fourth place in the grand national at aintree last year . fergal o brien says the horse is in better shape this time around . alvarado has run only once this season at doncaster in february .
video footage captured by rumble user sean c shows bourbon the doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose . while some have deemed the clip cute other viewers have been turned off .
rory mcilroy will be on the front cover of ea sports pga tour 2015 game . the game offers multiple ways to play , including arcade controls . fans can create their own custom gameplay style .
vicar who went to celebrate end of lent was told his feet needed protection . he gained facebook and twitter support following the incident in ipswich . andrew dotchin , 58 , from whitton said he will continue to wear his sandals .
in the midst of the worst storm in new south wales in a decade people got creative with their photoshopping skills . while there were many genuine dramatic photos of the devastation caused , the fake ones also caused confusion . the more unbelievable photoshop jobs included a photo of noah s ark majestically cruising into sydney harbour .
tour guide gets down in the dirt to attract a mob of emus in the outback . the flightless birds are able to reach running speeds of 70 kms hr . the manoeuvre is thought to be an old aboriginal technique to catch emus .
conor mcgregor recently commented saying he d kill floyd mayweather . the boxer dismissed the irishman saying he only wants the limelight . mayweather fights manny pacquiao at the mgm las vegas on may 2 . mcgregor has a shot at the featherweight world title against jose aldo . read mayweather vs pacquiao contract still not signed , says bob arum .
french free diver jumped into dean s blue hole in the bahamas . guillame n ry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge . the hole is 660ft 200 metres deep , although he does n t go to the bottom . free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes .
balthazar king and ballycasey fell on first circuit at aintree on saturday . balthazar king needed veterinary treatment on the course after the fall . ruby walsh acted as flag man to warn riders to avoid the horse .
this residence was once just a garage for a much bigger mansion called homeden . when homeden was being converted into flats the owners of the garage bought some of the original features . the blackwood and copperlight archway was taken and tastefully adapted to suit the light filled property . the stylish 740 square metre , four bedroom , converted residence will go to auction on 16 may .
women s tennis stars attended opening ceremony of porsche grand prix . maria sharapova , caroline wozniacki , sabine lisicki , angelique kerber and ana ivanovic were among the players on show . with serena williams missing , simona halep could overtake three times winner sharapova as world no 2 .
rory mcilroy heads to masters hoping to complete a career grand slam . world no 1 backs scotland s bradley neil to succeed as a professional . winner of last year s amateur championship has been invited to augusta , us open and the walker cup . click here for all the latest news from the 2015 masters .
chefs should embrace le doggy bag to stop edible food going in the bin . food waste costs average french household hundreds of pounds a year . popular practice was previously unthinkable for french food lovers .
harry redknapp resigned from his role as qpr manager in early february . the 68 year old blamed his decision on serious knee problems . but he now admits that other issues forced his to quit at loftus road . redknapp was frustrated with stories linking tim sherwood with his job .
photos of the raccoon were taken by crane operator rob macfarlane . climbed about 213 meters up macfarlane s crane on wednesday night in toronto . shots of little mac were posted on thursday morning and spread on twitter . animal got safely back down to the ground after doing its business on crane . they have climbed the crane in the past and left their evidence behind .
concert will be part of the three day commemoration of end of wwii . status quo , katherine jenkins and boy band blue are set to perform . there will be a service of remembrance on ve day at the cenotaph .
neighbors blocked lucas plans to build a film studio in 2012 . now he plans to erect a housing complex on land off lucas valley road . the community would provide housing to 224 low income families . with huge support from low income community , his neighbors will be hard pressed to block the proposal .
mila kunis childhood friend from ukraine is suing her for 5 , 000 . kristina karo claims kunis stole her pet chicken as children . karo , now in la , claims she has been traumatised by the event . she is suing actress for emotional distress and therapy bills .
ri sol ju appears in public with her husband for first time since december . n . korean leader kim jong un and wife pictured attending a football match . former singer , ri and her husband kim wore wedding rings at the event . they were flanked by officials at kim s grandfather s 103rd birthday party .
inter milan held 1 1 by bottom of the table parma in serie a on saturday . roberto mancini cancels players day off after criticising attitude . inter milan players will now report for training early on easter sunday .
experienced authors will reveal how they launched their careers . there will also be representatives on hand from publishing houses . the london book and screen week will be running simultaneously .
defense called five witnesses on monday , rested at 3pm . first witness was doctor discussing how his co defendants were on pcp . prosecution took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence . closing statements expected on tuesday before verdict . aaron hernandez is pleading not guilty to shooting dead odin lloyd .
hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion s leaky roof . officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to mayor de blasio and his family , who will remain in the home during the renovation . work will take place at same time as replacement of the mansion 30 year old roof . both jobs should be completed by october or november .
thomas will be a line judge for the 2015 season . the 41 year old was in the league s officiating development program in 2013 14 . she was the first female official on the fbs level and the first to officiate a bowl game . thomas , a former college basketball player , was inspired to become an official in the 1990s when she attended a meeting with her brother .
crash happened as van driver was moving along m6 slip road at junction 8 . car towing caravan tries to move into lane but two vehicles collide . as the car driver climbs out van driver unleashes his foul mouthed tirade .
spaniard reflects on his mesmeric run and pass to set up neymar s opener . iniesta admits room for improvement after his fourth assist in europe . barcelona camp in bouyant mood heading into decisive stretch of season . league leaders face espanyol at the estadi cornella el prat this saturday . read iniesta rolls back the years with vintage performance against psg .
the opening of the championships have been delayed after heavy rain . the 10 million program will be moved to monday instead . punters will be able to use tickets they purchased for the saturday event . monday s warrick farm card will be moved to wednesday . while the wednesday program has been completely abandoned .
man came to hospital complaining his thumb hurt and he could n t move it . said he had been playing candy crush saga all day for 6 8 weeks . doctors found he had torn his tendon but the man had felt no pain at all . experts pleasure associated with a game can release natural painkillers .
cctv footage captured moment shopkeeper grappled with armed raider . mohammad ali akhtar was stabbed as he tackled the knife wielding robber . hooded thief targeted the premier stores shop in flixton , manchester . teenage thug escaped empty handed after being chased out of store .
real madrid goalkeeper iker casillas has been criticised this season . casillas put in solid performance during 2 0 win against rayo vallecano . but still fielded questions after the game about his position as no 1 . click here for all the latest real madrid news .
juventus defender giorgio chiellini was yellow carded against monaco in the champions league after a deliberate handball in the first minute of the game . he slipped on the turf and scrambled to recover the loose ball . the serie a leaders have progressed to the semi finals of the competition . click here to read neil ashton s match report from stade louis ii .
special warfare operator 1st class brett allen marihugh , 34 , of livonia , michigan , died sunday after being found unresponsive friday . the other seal , 32 year old special warfare operator 1st class seth cody lewis of queens , new york , died on friday .
the 19 year old singer was a finalist in 2012 series of the x factor . batiste has announced her as official face of 2015 ready for it campaign . tv advertising campaign features henderson s latest single , mirror man .
british no 1 faces tomas berdych in the miami open semi finals . former coach dani vallverdu and now fitness trainer jez green left andy murray s team to join up with the czech . murray defeated berdych in a controversial australian open semi final .
manchester city beaten 2 1 by crystal palace on easter monday . 40m signing eliaquim mangala was left on the bench . crystal palace s entire starting xi cost just 17million . click here for all the latest manchester city news .
borussia dortmund and bayern munich have shared the last five bundesliga titles between them . bayern currently have a 10 point lead at the summit of the table . dortmund are 31 points behind their rivals in 10th place .
one in three women are self conscious about the state of their skin . superdrug launches range of creams to tackle spots and fight aging . hormones and diets blamed for those up to their 50s suffering with spots .
bailey murrill became inexplicably paralyzed , losing all feeling in her legs . she was in hospital for 11 days being cared for by her favorite nurse . bailey regained feeling again and was able to stand , surprising her nurse . pair hug and burst into tears in heartwarming video filmed by her mother .
some of baltimore s unrest may have been inspired by the purge movies . movies are about a dystopian america where all crime is temporarily legal .
the boy scouts greater new york councils said they hired pascal tessier , an 18 year old eagle scout . tessier has been a vocal advocate of opening the 105 year old organization to gay scouts and leaders . board members called him an exemplary candidate .
95 year old peter weber jr . is the oldest active pilot , according to guinness world records . the record was confirmed after weber proved he piloted a plane march 30 in placerville by mailing in multiple pieces of evidence . weber s flight experience goes back decades he flew in both world war ii and the vietnam war , and also served as korean war flight instructor . he has been married to his wife since 1943 and has a 70 year old son .
barcelona star dani alves is out of contract at the end of the season . brazilian defender is yet to agree a new deal with luis enrique s side . 31 year old insists he has n t agreed any deal with another club . read will dani alves be at man utd next season ? . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
prelate s online lover approached church about alleged improper conduct . claimed to have evidence italian priest was having sex with prostitutes . also said the priest took part in explicit gay web chats and sexual role play . he allegedly made lovers pretend to be judas so he could punish them .
rhodri giggs , 37 , lost his driving licence under a totting up procedure . came after he was found guilty of driving a mercedes without insurance . banned from driving for 6 months as he already has speeding convictions . giggs recently spoke for the first time about his brother ryan s affair with his former wife .
ronny deila confirms jason denayer wo n t play in champions league . the defender is to report for pre season training with manchester city . deila admitted that he would like to see denayer return to celtic . click here for all the latest celtic news .
youtube user serpentor filmed his feline friend in action . footage shows the tabby producing bizarre noises as she is petted .
wei tingting , wang man , zheng churan , li tingting and wu rongrong are free . they will be under police surveillance for a year and have their activities restricted , attorney says . the international community has harshly criticized keeping the women in custody .
carwyn scott howell plunged to his death while skiing in flaine , france . seven year old s body expected to be brought home this weekend . state prosecutor concludes schoolboy s death was a tragic accident .
crown princess mary spent sunday on the farm with her children . husband crown prince frederik was absent as was prince christian , nine . spent the day out petting calves and inspecting a herd of cows . event took place in the tiny village of kirke hyllinge in zealand .
andre schurrle scored his first goal for wolfsburg on saturday . the former chelsea forward admitted it was eating away at him . schurrle joined german club wolfsburg from chelsea in february .
wrinkle preventing pillowcase , 40 26 , from hammacher schlemmer . said to use blend of hydrophobic fibres that help skin retain moisture . canadian firm , which also makes the anti wrinkle pillow , ships to the uk .
jade badland and her husband aaron were drunk after wedding reception . when they got back to hotel she asked asian family if they had ebola . the couple also assaulted brazilian worker , calling her a bloody foreigner . they were both spared jail and ordered to carry out community service .
three month old western lowland gorillas pictured for first time in exhibit . pair were born just 48 hours apart in january to layla and kumi , both 16 . will join 17 other gorillas , including ernie , 32 , who is father to them both .
music streaming service spotify has analysed 2 . 8 million sleep playlists . ed sheeran s single thinking out loud is the top sleep inducing song . the brit singer songwriter appears seven times on the top 20 list .
sidebar status is being trialled by facebook in taiwan and australia . feature lets users write a brief update to share with close friends . such notes last for 12 hours and can be seen in the sidebar of the app . users can choose from a number of square tiles to illustrate their message .
tyrus byrd was elected into office in the small city of parma last week . five of the six cops in the city reportedly handed in their resignation . the city s attorney , clerk and water treatment supervisor also quit . all employees cited safety concerns in their resignation letters . mrs byrd and the outgoing mayor randall ramsey insist they do not know why they decided to leave .
roland giroux captured his relationship with his fish on camera . the blood parrot cichlid swims in circles and waits in man s hand . the man then begins massaging and stroking its body with his finger . mr giroux claims the fish becomes frustrated if not stroked each day .
arsenal are interested in signing liverpool s raheem sterling this summer . the 20 year old has rejected a new 100 , 000 a week deal at anfield . michael owen believes sterling is more talented than mesut ozil . adrian durham sterling would be earning the same as balotelli if he signed 100 , 000 a week deal at liverpool . . . that s the real issue here . durham arsenal only turn it on when the pressure is off . the german scored in arsenal s 4 1 win against liverpool on saturday . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
club captain gary caldwell has been appointed as the manager of wigan . he replaces malky mackay as the relegation threatened club s boss . chairman david sharpe said caldwell was the only candidate considered .
new england revolution came from behind to beat philadelphia union . new york city s struggles continued with defeat by the portland timbers .
milton vieira severiano was filmed killing his wife , cicera alves de sen . the savage act took place in the garden of their rio de janeiro house . he later confessed the crime to police who found guns in his getaway car .
eugene , oregon will host the 2021 world athletics championships . the sport s governing body iaaf bypassed the normal bidding process . eugene missed out on bid to host 2019 event which was awarded to doha .
sam allardyce has told david sullivan to not judge his side on 2015 form . the co owner described recent form as exceedingly disappointing . enner valencia returns to the west ham set up following a toe injury . click here for all the latest west ham news .
study exercising increases the amount of grey matter in the brain . it makes areas of the brain that control balance and co ordination bigger . in the long term this could reduce the risk of falling or becoming immobile . previous studies show exercise can stave off alzheimer s and diabetes .
soldier had fought overseas in first gulf war , bosnia and northern ireland . family say he had struggled to adapt to civilian life after 11 years in army . he previously took overdose and told relatives he tried to take his own life . coroner records misadventure verdict and praises soldier s bravery .
everton have made signing new striker a priority for the summer . the toffees have expressed an interest in qpr forward charlie austin . everton watched club brugge forward obbi oulare on sunday .
hail stones the size of plums crashed down over the south and midwest on tuesday with residents capturing the freak weather . along with hail , lighting and thunder also hit arkansas and parts of mississippi . according to the weather channel , the storms will move across the midwest on wednesday with st louis , louisville , memphis , indianapolis , little rock , oklahoma city and dallas hit hardest . on thursday the icy blasts are set to drift south , hitting cities including memphis , jackson and knoxville .
pupils are taught manual called kim jong un s revolutionary activities . perhaps unsurprisingly , it contains no mention of the country s history . text also claims kim can draw well and knows how to compose music .
the massachusetts senator says washington works well for special interests and the well connected but leaves out the rest of the nation . she says that in her eyes , two declared gop candidates have already disqualified themselves .
chelsea are discussing a new partnership with royal mouscron peruwelz . chelsea have held talks about buying shares in the belgian club . the blues have been looking at alternatives to vitesse arnhem .
colin barnett was at the launch for a new blueprint for marine science . the wa premier said some good has come out of the search for mh370 . his comments drew sighs of disbelief from the audience . the aircraft disappeared with all 239 people on board on march 8 , 2014 . the plane , which is yet to be found , was flying from kuala lumpur to beijing .
bring your own large cup for a 1 . 49 7 eleven slurpee . any sanitary container less than 10 inches in diameter is fair game .
ashley young has revived his career at manchester united . he signed five year contract worth around 120 , 000 a week in 2011 . the 29 year old is now being touted for a return to the england set up .
mitchell is best know for her hits big yellow taxi and free man in paris . paramedics came to her los angeles home on tuesday afternoon .
ryan skivington took the pets from cage during a row with girl s mother . then squeezed the animals tightly before throwing bodies out a window . 26 year old also admitted assaulting former partner and causing damage .
scientists aim to build robot that thinks , senses and acts like honeybee . so far team has managed to replicate part of brain that allows bee to see . green brain project is a collaboration between universities of sheffield and sussex .
adrien broner posted happy instagram image with rapper 50 cent . former world champion was recently criticised by the new york artist . broner called out danny garcia at premier boxing champions event .
75 people were inside korean union united methodist church in rahway . 13 were treated for minor injuries and one woman had a serious but non life threatening head injury . parishioners were from the manantial de vida pentecostal congregation . the cause of the ceiling collapse is currently under investigation .
youths took boy to an isolated place in padma nagar , india , and raped him . when he resisted , they set him on fire , leaving him with 30 per cent burns . he is now being treated at the thane civil hospital , about 30 minutes away .
derry mathews will fight ismael barroso for the interim wba world title . mathews was set to face richar abril , who was forced to withdraw through illness . the liverpudlian will now face venezuelan southpaw barroso on april 18 .
mark warburton set to leave at the end of the season . gianfranco zola being considered for job , along with other foreign bosses . zola was at griffin park to watch brentford play on saturday .
cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor dennis quaid having a diva esque meltdown on set . this is the most unprofessional set i have ever been on , he screams .
man using electric wheelchair rolled over platform edge tuesday afternoon . commuters leaped up to help at u street station in washington , d . c . . man escaped with only minor face injuries after two men helped him up .
mick schumacher makes his adac formula 4 debut this weekend . the season s first race takes place at the motorsport arena oschersleben . the 16 year old is part of the dutch van amersfoort racing team . seven time formula one world champion michael is recovering after a serious head injury in december 2013 .
channel 7 were left red faced after letting a rude name appear on screen . a donation for 32 . 38 earned hugh . . twitter users were quick to identify the on screen blunder . the telethon appeal for the royal children s hospital saw a record breaking number of donations .
the all gender restroom opened in eisenhower executive office building . facility is first of its kind at white house and is for staff and guests . comes after executive order on lgbt workplace discrimination took effect .
aydian dowling has 40 , 000 votes 30 , 000 more than the man in 2nd place . he transitioned in 2009 , lives in oregon with his wife of 3 years jenilee . men s health competition looks for a well rounded , health conscious guy who has overcome some challenges in his life and can teach others .
johnny kemp is believed to have drowned at a beach in montego bay , police say . he is best known for the 1988 hit just got paid .
remains were discovered saturday on fourth avenue in san francisco . body is believed to be that of anna ragin , who lived with daughter carolyn . police said the case of hoarding is the worst they had ever seen . authorities struggled to open the door of the home because of the debris .
martin montoya netted a 30yard pass into a basketball hoop at training . barcelona maintained four point in la liga lead with victory over almeria . luis suarez and lionel messi scored stunning curled strikes at nou camp .
fishing vessels are searching for 15 people still thought to be missing . there were 132 people on board the ship , 78 of them russians , tass news agency says . the rest were foreign nationals from myanmar , ukraine , lithuania and vanuatu , it says .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have been turned into puppets . they will feature in a new comedy sketch show similar to spitting image . other royals to feature include charles and camilla and prince harry . newzoids begins on the 15th april on itv1 .
swastika and scum sprayed in white paint on window and blue door . labour offices around half a mile away were also targeted by vandals . scottish councillor ross thomson posted images of graffiti on twitter .
officials say 131 californians were affected by one strain , five by other strains . about 70 of the people who could show health records were unvaccinated . outbreak began in december among visitors to two disney theme parks .
dog found with multiple knife wounds in cass county , north dakota . wilford survived the violent attack carried out with an eight inch blade . he needed more than 50 stitches to patch up five deep knife wounds . now being cared for by foster family and expected to make a full recovery .
brian o driscoll pictured crowd surfing in hong kong earlier this week . former ireland captain was away working as an hsbc ambassador . o driscoll s wife amy huberman posted the picture on twitter .
a customer dining at aspley hogs breath found a sink plug in her salad . she posted a photo of the embarrassing incident to facebook . the post racked up over 2 , 000 likes before the diner removed it . social media users have left comments roasting the popular steakhouse .
andrea atzeni rides terror in landwades nell gwyn stakes at newmarket . david simcock trained 1 , 000 guineas fancy is owned by qatar racing . frankie dettori has been unveiled as newmarket s ambassador for 2015 . john gosden s faydhan is the key horse entered in the free handicap .
dani alves has a barcelona contract which will expire in the summer . manchester united and liverpool among clubs chasing his signature . player s agent dinorah santana says barca deal is far from done . read hector bellerin tops poll to replace dani alves at barcelona . read dani alves releases charity single with ex barcelona keeper .
italian chefs threaten legal action against mcdonald s over new kid s advert . the 18 second video claims country s children prefer happy meals to pizza . one top italian chef calls the advert blasphemy and mcdonald s shameful . the advert is latest in a long running feud with italian foodies and the chain .
leicester will add new zealander mike fitzgerald to their ranks next season . tigers have already confirmed the signing of waratahs wing peter betham . fitzgerald has helped the waikato based chiefs win two super rugby titles .
darwin woman natalia moon is nominated for a tv award in the philippines . the 23 year old stars in filipino sitcom ismol family which is entirely acted in filipino language tagalog . born natalia stewart , the aussie calls herself the barbie from down under . she has a legion of adoring fans who refer to her as the blonde filipino .
nursultan nazarbayev has been re elected as the president of kazakhstan . 74 year old was elected with 97 of the vote , winning a five year term . international monitors have voiced their concern about the result . but nazarbayev says it would have been undemocratic to intervene to make his victory smaller .
jim furyk has won the 2015 rbc heritage at harbour town . us veteran defeated kevin kisner in the second play off hole . it was the 17th pga tour title for the 44 year old former us open winner .
laura smith charged with dui , public intoxication and child endangerment . was in her car in south memphis thursday night when a witnessed realized a little girl was driving . the girl , 10 , was not smith s daughter , but they may be related . witnessed contained smith in a parking lot but she attacked him . police arrived and arrested her . the girl was returned to her mother and dcs were notified .
a second fifty shades film will be released in 2017 , a third in 2018 . director sam taylor johnson wo n t be returning .
paul johnson yarosevich , 34 , has been charted with prohibited use of a computer .
gary locke has been interim manager since start of february . locke has won two and drawn four of his seven games in charge . the 37 year old took over when allan johnston quit .
shadow welsh secretary owen smith made comments at a hustings event . three quarters of labour candidates back scrapping trident system . replacing deterrent with a like for like system would cost around 100bn .
joshua van haften , 34 , was apprehended by authorities on wednesday . landed at o hare international airport following a return flight from turkey . allegedly posted on facebook he could n t cross the turkey syria border . he claimed people just wanted his money and he was left on a road . was sentenced to eight years in prison for sexual assault in 2000 .
the town had recently been freed from the boko haram terror group . volunteer from burial we collected over 400 corpses from the streets and in shallow graves .
the winner comes from mittagong in southern new south wales . he and his wife had been struggling with bad times before the win . two entries won the first division share of the 40 million jackpot draw .
frank ernest shepherd , iii of houston , texas was shot dead by police after leading them on a 20 minute high speed chase . the chase ended when shepherd crashed into another car . he then got out of the vehicle and reached into the backseat , and was shot moments later . no weapons were found in the car and it is not known what shepherd was reaching for . shepherd was a father of three with another baby on the way . police are investigating why he fled during a traffic stop .
a rampaging elephant attacked a man after invading his village in india . ramiul sheikh , 50 , survived two charges by the five ton animal unharmed . locals were trying to coax elephants into forest when one turned violent .
a 1 , 000 ft stretch of land rose up above sea level on japanese island . the 100ft wide mass on hokkaido is now some 30 to 50ft above sea level . it is believed to have been forced to the surface by a landslide nearby .
a second teen has been charged with helping plan an isis inspired attack . one 18 year old suspect has already been charged , report says .
reanne evans fell to a shock defeat by hong kong s ng on yee . her 10 year reign as world snooker champion has come to an end . in 2010 , evans had become the first woman for 16 years to be given the chance to qualify for men s snooker events .
photos are were taken at one of australia s popular beaches jervis bay , which is in the south coast of nsw . the fluorescent glow is caused by millions of plankton omitting light , says photographer andy hutchinson . a similar display was shown in sydney s manly beach back in august 2014 . iain suthers , of university of new south wales , says the algae blossoms in the spring and the autumn .
didier drogba featured in chelsea s 2 1 victory over stoke on saturday . the forward replaced diego costa who went off with a hamstring injury . chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the premier league table . read chelsea must remain focused to keep up title tilt , insists willian . click here for all the latest premier league news .
floyd mayweather will be fighting manny pacquaio on may 2 . the welterweight unification bout will take place at the mgm grand . fans will be able to buy commemorative jewellery from friday .
flights diverted from dubai international airport because of freak weather . a 24 year old was seriously injured in car collision during the sandstorm . forecasters warn high winds are set to continue over the weekend .
nicholas soukeras , 37 , of queens , new york wants his future son to be called spyridon , after his father . his wife , kseniya , 33 , does n t like the archaic name and prefers to call their child michael . nicholas needs his online petition to earn 100 , 000 signatures for his wife to relent . ironically , the couple do n t actually know for certain that they are having a boy .
the former nbc nightly news anchor was suspended over false iraq story . an internal inquiry found that he had lied in his reporting at least 11 times . source close to nbc says he will not see job taken away without a battle .
five day old hippopotamus calf mauled to death after straying between two brawling adults in south africa . helpless calf was hurled into the air as its mother looked on in horror , with the young hippo dying hours later . adult hippos had been fighting for hours before attacking the baby in the isimangaliso wetland park .
caykur rizespor lost to fenerbahce in the turkish super lig on saturday . rizespor midfielder ludovic obraniak was substituted after just 30 minutes . obraniak was taken to hospital for tests on suspected heart problem . former lille player was reported to be in a stable condition .
fifth seed serbian ana ivanovic beaten 7 6 8 6 6 4 by caroline garcia . it s the third time this year ivanovic has lost to the france world no 29 . seeds ekaterina makarova 6 and carla suarez navarro 8 also won .
arsenal face liverpool at the emirates on saturday afternoon . the gunners are currently third in the premier league table . arsene wenger s side are looking to consolidate their top four finish . to read mailonline sport s april fools day gag , click here . read wenger reveals secrets of his arsenal team selection process . click here for the latest arsenal news .
more than 70 animals were found living in disgusting conditions in arizona . one cat was found dead and many were suffering with medical problems . belonged to john koepke who is banned from keeping any pets until may . he is now facing charges of failing to provide shelter and veterinary bills .
ride like the wind is one of 34 colts still in the first classic of the season . the 2 , 000 guineas will be run at newmarket on saturday , may 2 . ride like the wind is a similar horse to 2014 s fifth runner charm spirit . the horse landed the group three prix djebel by a head last start .
manny pacquiao took time out from training to meet mark wahlberg . floyd mayweather shared a picture of him holding a weight with his head . the due meet in las vegas in a 160million encounter on may 2 .
paul armstrong flew to cyprus to celebrate new job as it project manager . was stopped at airport with stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his bag . pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and lost his job before starting it . 26 year old was sentenced to eight months in jail , suspended for two years .
prime minister embarks on tour of alnwick high street to woo voters . follows criticism of sterile , boring campaign ignoring ordinary people . tory leader told to stop name calling and heckled by a busker .
photos capture spectacular moment goose narrowly avoids fox s jaw . the sly animal is seen leaping in his bid to bring down the large bird . action packed photos captured by roger byng in gloucester wetlands .
bag was found outside biogen inc . in cambridge , massachusetts saturday . video surveillance led police to nearby apartment where more remains were found in a common area . cambridge police are treating situation as a homicide investigation . a person was arrested in the case but no details have been released .
muslim engagement and development mend has made the claims . says it has been in talks with both the tory and labour leadership . mend is said to have links to a number of extremists .
towie s jake hall scored on first touch in boston s 2 0 win over tamworth . his towie on screen girlfriend chloe lewis watched from the stands . co star james arg argent tries to climb over barrier to celebrate with him . semi pro footballer hall rejoined lincolnshire club last week . hall recently denied rumours of relationship with actress lindsay lohan .
one of the earliest televisors is expected to fetch up to 22k at auction . forerunner of the television was manufactured in 1928 and cost around 26 . television had tiny , poor quality picture little bigger than a postage stamp .
the usc women s tennis team won the pac 12 championship on thursday . the girls defeated the women of ucla 4 3 . while celebrating , they smashed and broke the trophy .
projection underlines next government s task to eliminate annual deficit . it hit a record 153billion under labour in 2009 10 and is now 90billion . tories pledged to return uk to black in 2018 19 with surplus of 5 . 2 billion . but global watchdog predicts there will still be deficit of 7billion that year .
puren was the youngest brother of puyi , who ruled from 1908 to 1912 . died on friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia in february . previously established a primary school and taught until the late 1960s . he had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years .
the design comes from scientists at the university of wollongong . they won a us 100 , 000 grant for a next generation condom in 2013 . it s made from a strong and flexible material called hydrogel . the groundbreaking design can offer functions like self lubrication . the scientists will run biometric tests to maximise the pleasurability .
airline passengers left behind almost 675 , 000 in spare change in 2013 . tsa can keep the money to spend on improving civil aviation security . the figure is 107 , 00 more than 2012 and double that collected in 2008 .
huw thomas made comments on internet forum during world cup in 2006 . labour candidate for ceredigion said the number of england flags in wales was totally sickening . apologises wholeheartedly for the remarks he made as a young student .
dougie fife , alasdair dickinson and ross ford return for edinburgh . trio were rested following scotland six nations campaign . edinburgh face london irish in european challenge cup quarter final .
dane bouris was charged with the alleged assault of his model girlfriend . the 33 year old was arrested at his watsons bay home in sydney s east . he appeared in waverley court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty . bouris is the son of businessman and the apprentice host mark bouris .
brendan rodgers met with raheem sterling and jordon ibe on thursday . duo were pictured holding shisha pipes believed to be in september . they have escaped club punishment and have not been fined . sterling has also recently been recorded on video inhaling nitrous oxide . arsenal and other clubs are now cooling their interest in sterling .
dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of round rock . as they beep their horns the animal , named big boy , continues to run along the sidewalk . however , at one point he veers in front of the police car and on to the other side of the road . despite the detour , the buffalo made it home safely free of injury . .
researchers in us examine effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women . half group got sugary drinks while others received artificial sweetener . women who had sugary drinks released less cortisol during maths test . scientists conclude sugar consumption may relieve stress in humans .
cheltenham town are battling to stay in league two with two games left . manager gary johnson became manager of the club at the end of march . he got the team to sign a piece of paper promising to give their all .
gareth bale suffered a calf strain on saturday evening at the bernabeu . the welshman was forced off in the early moments against malaga . bale will almost certainly miss the clash with atletico on wednesday .
gaioz nigalidze is banned from the dubai open chess tournament . officials say he frequented the bathroom , where his phone was hidden in toilet paper . that phone had a chess analysis application open , officials say .
aqap says a crusader airstrike killed ibrahim al rubaish . al rubaish was once detained by the united states in guantanamo .
wigan will be relegated to league one if they fail to beat brighton at home . bristol city can win league one with victory against coventry on . find out which club clubs can win promotion . . . and go down this weekend .
italy drew 1 1 with england at the juventus stadium on tuesday night . it marked a return to turin for italy s former juventus boss antonio conte . conte received death threats in the build up to the international friendly . he says it was still good to rekindle his good memories from his time there .
police questioned the group about an alleged assault of a walmart employee . a man put a police officer in a headlock and fighting broke out .
lib dem leader s wife says party s mps have suffered great personal cost . joined minister lynne featherstone for campaigning in north london . 100 miles away in chippenham , nick said miriam just wanted to do her bit .
mr gordon was forced to quit labor after being accused of domestic violence . mr katter accused the queensland government of assuming mr gordon would quit from the allegations . mr katter said he had been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past .
university of south carolina student elizabeth scarborough performs as a taylor swift tribute artist . the 21 year old has been impersonating the star since she was 15 . her first gigs were at children s birthday parties , for which she earned 30 .
polish lady goska was volunteering at criadouro on a pintada . she bottle fed a one year old rescued jaguar called perseu . the big cat sits with her and drinks with great enthusiasm . volunteer said that with time he became my good friend .
stephan lichtsteiner played alongside eden hazard at lille in france . paul pogba is another who stars alongside lichtsteiner at juventus in italy . he has tipped 18 year old juve forward kingsley coman to be the next star .
petr cech regularly posts drum covers on his youtube channel . chelsea shot stopper has struggled for game time this season . cech has fallen behind thibaut courtois in jose mourinho s pecking order . his side face crunch clash with manchester united on saturday .
daniel sturridge appeared in a promotional video for bt sport . he was joined by comedian darren farley , who impersonated michael owen . farley s impression of the former reds striker left sturridge giggling . liverpool take on aston villa in the fa cup semi final on sunday .
iker casillas consoled a young fan who was struck during la liga match . the real madrid supporter was handed casillas shirt during the interval . real madrid hit nine past granada at the santiago bernabeu .
elizabeth sedway posted to video to facebook showing her removal from a plane . she was forced off a flight in hawaii and told she could n t head home to california . alaska airlines later apologized , saying it could have handled the situation differently .
airbus are increasing their seats from 10 to 11 seats in every row . the addition will see airbus creating a fourth cheaper class called choice . the change is to be launched in 2017 on the airbus 380 model . airbus state the move is to reflect 90 per cent of fliers using economy . thankfully seat widths will remain at the standard 18 inches .
dr . nikita levy was fired from john hopkins health systems in 2013 . he committed suicide 10 days after the revelations surfaced . investigators found 1 , 200 videos and 140 images of exams at his home . attorney s fee will come from 190million settlement reached in the lawsuit . a baltimore judge said the agreed sum was unprecedented .
someone called 911 to report woman was driving erratically in a black suv . she failed to yield to officers and wove in and out of traffic lanes , according to california highway patrol . officers left cars when she stopped at traffic lights , but she kept on driving . chase ended almost an hour later after one officer lightly tapped her rear bumper to send car into a spin a pursuit intervention technique .
he retreated to his house after shooting daughter s partner and a policeman . she was pictured lying next to the wounded 50 year old outside the house . an armed police unit raided the home this morning after negotiations failed . a police officer was seriously injured in the firefight that ensued in zaragoza .
a reddit user handed in their notice by writing sarcastic letter . apologises for step mother dying , sickness and doctor s appointments . clearly disgruntled staff member says sorry for working unpaid overtime .
real madrid return to action at rayo vallecano on wednesday night . they kept up the pressure on barcelona with a 9 1 thrashing of granada . cristiano ronaldo scored five goals in the bernabeu rout . carlo ancelotti now faces a selection poser ahead of rayo visit . isco and james rodriguez are both fit and available again . barcelona , four points clear , host almeria on wednesday night .
jane bacon , 51 , told to pay 176 after trying to switch flights due to chemo . grandmother had booked a final trip with her husband to sharm el sheikh . changed booking after being told she needed 18 weeks of chemotherapy . easyjet has now apologised and agreed to refund money to change flights .
bluey s purr has been measured at 93 decibels , which is louder than the official world record . the cat is currently in a centre in cambridge and looking for a new home . her growls are so loud they stop other animals from sleeping properly .
kevin dixon took his friend s akita dog for a walk when she was injured . he hacked the animal to death , hitting it seven times with an axe at night . dixon claimed he was concerned the dog would go on to bite children . he was convicted of causing the animal unnecessary suffering and given a seven week suspended jail sentence and banned from keeping animals . warning graphic content .
david king , 70 , from east london , retired to normandy 15 years ago . body found by sniffer dogs and a man has been charged with murder . alleged killer was living rough and is behind number of thefts in area . gardener mr king may have confronted him over stolen vegetables .
stone s biggest priority is to nourish his children with healthy food . he and wife lindsay have two boys , hudson , 3 , and emerson , 7 months . i do n t want him to have the nitrates and c that s in a hot dog , he says . he wants parents to expose their children to a range of healthy food . stone is in australia to promote his cookbook , good food , good life . photos of stone cooking and gardening with his wife feature in the book .
danny garcia is set to face lamont peterson in las vegas on saturday . the unbeaten light welterweight champion defeated amir khan in 2012 . the us fighter revealed he always stays on his feet because of an extra toe .
six boko haram militants were killed , military spokesman says . hundreds were involved in the raid on a village in far north . boko haram is based in nigeria but has attacked across the border of several neighbors .
quarter million people without power in sydney and nearby areas . a large storm system brought damaging winds and flooding to parts of australia . the flooding is affecting public transportation services , residential and coastal areas .
bayern munich had only 14 fit players for friday s training session . mehdi benatia , arjen robben , franck ribery , bastian schweinsteiger , david alaba and javi martinez all ruled out . bundesliga champions face eintracht frankfurt ahead of champions league clash with porto .
jake tapper will add the sunday show state of the union to his portfolio at cnn . tapper also anchors the lead on weekdays .
newcastle fans to boycott home game against tottenham on april 19 . demonstrations to be held before and after the game at st james park . supporters unhappy with the plight of the club under owner mike ashley .
manager eddie howe does not like having away fans behind the goal . the club will install undersoil heating in time for next season . bournemouth all but secured promotion with a 3 0 win over bolton .
robert durst was indicted wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in new orleans . gand jury charged durst with possession of a firearm by a felon , and possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug 5 ounces of marijuana . arrest related to those charges has kept durst from being extradited to los angeles , where he s charged in 2000 death of friend susan berman .
tiger woods has confirmed he will compete in the upcoming masters . woods goes into the masters after plummeting to 104 in world rankings . colin montgomerie believes it is important for woods to impress .
generations of everest climbers have left tons of trash . the indian army plans to remove at least 4 , 000 kilograms from the peak .
aaron finch suffered injury setback during indian premier league match . mumbai captain rohit sharma said the injury looked bad . finch tweeted on wednesday scans showed a bit of damage .
rabbit populations are rampant in greater sydney due to high summer rain . public land managers are now desperate to reduce population numbers due to the millions of dollars worth of damage they cause . carrots laced with calicivirus are likely to be scattered in public spaces for a second time this year after an initial attempt failed in some areas . about 70 100 of rabbits die once infected with calicivirus , which damages the animal s liver and gut and causes haemorrhaging and bleeding .
michael allen s deal at edinburgh will see him at the club until may 2017 . ulster academy graduate back can either play at wing or centre . 24 year old is a former pupil of methodist college belfast .
douglas mess son reported him missing from their attica , new york farm on monday and his body was found following a seven hour search . his wife , charlene mess , has been charged with second degree murder and remains in the local jail . authorities have not released a motive or how mess killed her husband .
al qaeda confirms that two of its leaders were killed in january drone strikes . other leaders have been killed or captured recently . the terrorist group s capacity to carry out attacks in the west has been greatly diminished .
photographer graeme oxby documented dedicated impersonators at a number of elvis tribute events across britain . the 50 year old from east yorkshire also visited fans homes for his photo series , called the kings of england . mr oxby said most of the fans are old , but that there is a new generation of people discovering elvis music .
vowed to lobby on behalf of other innocent people who have been jailed . she served four years for murder of british student meredith kercher . was freed on appeal with former boyfriend raffaele sollecito . their acquittal was overturned but was finally cleared by italy s highest court last week .
a howler from reading goalkeeper adam federici helped arsenal progress . federici let a late effort squirm through his legs and in during extra time . he left the field in tears after fumbling sanchez s shot through his legs . aaron ramsey will be hoping to taste more fa cup success in the final .
lisa heath , 45 , quizzed by police after colleague saw white powder in bag . assistant at willowtown primary school initially said drugs were n t hers . but later changed her story and accepted a caution for possession .
the pfa premier league team of the year was unveiled on sunday night . it included six chelsea players including captain john terry . man united , arsenal , liverpool , tottenham and southampton represented . the ea sports team sees diego costa and nemanja matic miss out . but blues midfielder cesc fabregas is included . sergio aguero , santi cazorla , aaron cresswell and phil jagielka also in . click here for all the latest premier league news .
furious fans uploaded pictures to social media of huge lines for bathroom . some left with no choice but to use plastic cups to relieve themselves . wrigley field is undergoing huge renovation its first overhaul in 80 years . two bathrooms flooded forcing thousands to queue for over an hour .
local media reports of airbus a320 making a tailstrike on landing . plane left facing the wrong way after spinning 180 degrees . airport has been closed as investigators and emergency services attend .
ryan giroux denies killing a man during shootings in phoenix in march . rampage through suburbs let to huge police manhunt for the shooter . ex convict and skinhead giroux is a member of white supremacy group .
fan favorite series arrested development to return for a fifth season , according to producer . brian grazer claimed the show would be back in a podcast . netflix is not commenting .
roger federer won first match since losing indian wells final in march . the 17 time major champion won 6 2 , 6 1 against jeremy chardy . federer will take on gael monfils for place in quarter finals .
horrifying cctv footage shows two dogs tearing into a three legged cat . dogs dragged family pet into a garden before mauling it to death . a woman arrives and calls the dogs away but leaves the cat to die in agony . warning graphic content .
a tsunami warning for islands in japan s far south has been cancelled . a very shallow quake hit yonaguni in the southwest , near taiwan . witnesses said buildings swayed in taipei but there was no visible damage .
faith myers , 14 , from nebraska , was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still high from the procedure s anesthesia . footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat , with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread . i do n t want all the boys in my yard , she mumbles . after sausages are also given a thumbs down , faith and her mother finally settle on jell o .
roots of the banyan tree in southern china originally grew against a wall . when moved to its new home , the entangled roots became the trunk . the structure is so lightweight that the entire tree sways in the breeze .
francis bakvis , from clifton beach in queensland , discovered dead python . mr bakvis had been searching for his pet cat which had gone missing . when he tried to move the snake its skin split open and his cat spilled out . the 3 . 5 metre long python died while trying to digest the 16 year old pet . he had never seen pythons on the property in 15 years of living there .
police were called to the north las vegas neighborhood at about 11 . 30 am on thursday . father and other family members did not know toddler was in the driveway . the incident was deemed an accident and no charges were filed . the toddler died in the hospital just days before her second birthday .
vincent nogueira nets stoppage time winner for union . new york red bulls draw with dc united thanks to lloyd sam equaliser . table topping vancouver whitecaps lose to san jose earthquakes .
former gop representative compares president obama to andreas lubitz . bachmann said with possible iran deal , obama will fly entire nation into the rocks . reaction on social media ? .
erik de vries and josephine egberts lost contact after parents divorce . years later , erik , 24 , swiped right on what was his sister s tinder profile . pair flirted before realising they were related and brother and sister .
strike actions comes a day after french air traffic controllers walked out . workers joining forces to stand up against governments austerity plans . there are around 25 , 000 ascents up the tower each day .
david adam pate from lancaster , north carolina , killed ricky james in 2013 . lured him into some woods with wine before knifing him 39 times . dumped his body in a creek , but it was found a month later by children . told police he used a knife like the one michael myers used in halloween . 25 year old pleaded guilty to the brutal slaying in court on thursday . victim s brothers said they hope he suffers in prison and is the devil . one of them stormed out of court screaming after testifying at sentencing .
woman was watching the pittsburgh pirates at pnc park when she was hit . was making her way back to her seat when the ball slammed into her head . horrifying incident caused a 22 minute delay in the game on monday night . the pirates issued a statement saying she had regained consciousness by the time she was taken to hospital .
monster dessert served at the wicked waffle in north end , portsmouth . customers who clear their plate within 45 minutes get the pudding for free . so far only two people have managed to finish the enormous dish .
ping pong legend deng yaping challenged actor to game at sports awards . deng offers star a jumbo sized bat to give him fighting chance during skit . instead , she picks up a wooden spoon that my mother uses for cooking . actor jokes you re going to beat me with it ? .
manchester united scouts will watch mauro icardi this weekend . inter milan travel to take on verona in a serie a match on saturday . chelsea , manchester city and arsenal have also watched the argentine . read manchester united consider edinson cavani transfer . click here for the latest manchester united news .
malaysia , australia and china announce possible new phase of hunt for missing plane . the search of the current priority zone is expected to be completed in may .
jenson button s mclaren suffered electrical fault in first practice session . the brit managed just three laps in second session before break down . he fears he will again be at the back of the grid at bahrain grand prix .
a man named jamie proposed to girlfriend dawn on the itv show . she reacted by throwing the diamond at him and storming off in tears . dawn then followed that by revealing that she had been cheating on him . episode was entitled my fianc is a womaniser but is he a cheat ? . the jeremy kyle show , weekdays at 9 . 25 am on itv .
holden recalled 26 , 000 colorado s as they are at risk of catching alight . five customers have reportedly claimed to have thermal incidents . affected models were made between september 2013 and january 2015 . holden is the most recalled car in 2015 with five instances in four months . the accc announced safety recalls in australia are steadily on the rise .
larry upright s family says he would enjoy the request . some vow to honor it , but others say they ll still vote for hillary clinton .
chelsea face arsenal at the emirates on sunday in the premier league . jose mourinho said on friday that diego costa will face late fitness test . spain international is set to miss the game with a hamstring injury . loic remy also out of the clash with dominic solanke likely to be in squad .
i have a video of you walking away from your car on numerous occasions , you are not handicapped ! . hope simpson became disabled after her leg was crushed in a tragic hit and run accident in 2013 and she lost a part of her left leg below the knee . instead of being upset by the note , hope simpson says she is flattered because someone could n t tell she was handicapped .
nike have launched the new world cup uniforms for the us women s team . fans have been outraged because it does n t represent stars and stripes . company has defended the style and players have been positive .
the ibrox board last week launched a probe into claims mike ashley s firm had taken ownership of intellectual property . they are satisfied the position stems solely from the security attached to the loan from sports direct . although the trademarks are registered in sports direct s name , the position is not as alarming as it may first appear , a statement said .
singing the national anthem is a risky proposition . whitney houston nailed it roseanne barr destroyed it .
eben kaneshiro , 35 , found dead at deschutes county adult jail on sunday . kaneshiro was the owner of new breed jiu jitsu in portland , oregon . charged with three counts each of first degree sodomy and sexual abuse . was arrested last week and accused of molesting boy under the age of 12 . mma fighter was a brazilian jiu jitsu black belt with 31 fights since 2002 .
new zealand photographer amos chapple travelled the world with a camera and quadcopter to take these pictures . stunning images show cities , slums and historic sites from high in the sky offering new perspective on the world . as governments across the world clamp down on aerial drone photography , birds eye views are becoming rarer .
porto 3 1 bayern munich click here to read ian ladyman s match report . two goals from ricardo quaresma and a third from jackson martinez confirmed the win for porto on wednesday night . portuguese newspaper record opted for the pun fantasporto . fellow newspaper abola simply wrote superb ! .
fbi agents and a suspected serial robber exchange gunfire in an fbi stakeout . two fbi agents are injured and the suspect is shot during the gunfight .
april 8 was huge for lost and empire records fans . april 14 , april 25 , october 21 are other big dates in movies .
both chelsea and manchester city were keen on signing nathan . the attacking midfielder has been in contract dispute with his current club . nathan has been in london for talks and passed a medical on tuesday .
crashed porsche 911 into builder s lorry on traffic queues in nottingham . traffic was built up because of road closure after nearby cycling accident . onlooker said driver looked absolutely distraught after collision with lorry .
arsenal are currently on an eight match winning streak in the league . arsene wenger admits even he could not have predicted the run . wenger says results in the premier league are very hard to predict . arsenal have won 16 of their last 18 games in all competitions . read arsenal have doubts over signing liverpool star raheem sterling .
celebrities would have competed to outrun rampaging bulls in spanish show . idea axed following anger from local authorities in pamplona . mayor said he feared it would turn world famous san fermin fiesta into big brother .
gundogan expects to complete a 15m move to old trafford in summer . hummels has indicated he s finally ready to become a united player . the move will be as part of a 50m plus borussia dortmund double raid . both have privately let it be known they feel the time is right for a new start . louis van gaal will be handed a 150m summer transfer kitty .
ryanair has informed passengers they can not bring alcohol into the cabin . decision follows a handful of incidents involving unruly behaviour . passengers risk being kicked off the flight if they do n t comply . travellers hand luggage will be searched before they board the plane . fourteen men were kicked off a flight that diverted to an airport near paris .
a cherry picker was called in to clear drugs from roof of hmp altcourse . packages containing heroin and cannabis were hurled there from outside . the throwers missed their intended targets their inmate friends inside .
new york based writer danielle page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to share their tips on finding and keeping a partner .
chris early , who owns a production company in knoxville , tennessee , bought a quadcopter to make commercials . however , he decided he could use it for personal monitoring purposes too . early released footage of one of his remote chaperoning sessions . the clip shows how he is able monitor his child s location from the sky .
inverness defender josh meekings won appeal against one match ban . the 22 year old was offered one game suspension following incident . however , an independent judicial panel tribunal overturned decision . inverness reached the scottish cup final with 3 2 win over celtic .
moviegoers are tearing up during the emotional ending of furious 7 . the movie s end is a tribute of sorts to actor paul walker , who died during filming .
england were held to draw against west indies in 2009 despite leaving their opponents with a hefty target of 503 . gary ballance battled on in antigua despite suffering a knock to his arm . joe root made an impressive contribution with his 142 runs .
london s metropolitan police say the man was arrested at luton airport after landing on a flight from istanbul . he s been charged with terror offenses allegedly committed since the start of november .
vincent kompany reveals sir alex ferguson tried to sign as a teenager . the manchester city captain turned them down on the advice of his mum . kompany has called on his team mates to perform well at old trafford . click here for all the latest manchester city news .
lauren halliday and steven smith were evacuated from randolph hotel . came as huge fire broke out at the 119 bedroom establishment in oxford . couple feared they d have to get married in jeans but ceremony went ahead .
world no 1 mark selby defeated gary wilson 10 2 on sunday . selby earned his sixth ranking title and 85 , 000 in prize money . the leicester cueman overcame a neck issue to win the tournament .
tugce taskin , 26 , was killed after the luxury car swerved across a highway . friend adem kilic , 31 , is fighting for his life after crash in istanbul , turkey . witnesses say the lamborghini hit another car and then burst into flames . driver of the second vehicle is also being treated for injuries in hospital .
aston villa s jack grealish earned first premier league start this week . the ireland under 21 international renowned for keeping his socks low . grealish actually wears children s shinpads underneath . and villa s young midfielder says he will continue to do so .
russian authorities have cancelled the release of hollywood s child 44 . the blockbuster film stars tom hardy , gary oldman and vincent cassel . it depicts a private investigator attempting to hunt down a serial child killer . russia s culture minister accused the film of distortion of historical facts .
shabana bibi , 25 , died after she suffered burns to 80 per cent of her body . husband and father in law were arrested and accused of setting her alight . investigating officer now says police have no doubt bibi committed suicide . azam says he will set himself on fire if he does n t get justice for his sister .
japan s top military official earnestly revealed that the country s self defense force sdf had never encountered a ufo . celebrity politician and former wrestler antonio inoki had posed a question concerning extraterrestrials to a government committee .
south african troops help police conduct raids in jeppestown . defense minister says police are spread too thin trying to prevent attacks on immigrants . seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants .
new survey analysed australian credit card habits . 15 per cent admit to having a credit card their partner does n t know about . one in ten have fights with partners over credit card purchases . gen y are the most stealthy credit card culprits over other age groups . 17 per cent of women hide their spending , versus 14 per cent of men .
ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new thai restaurant in the motor city . as well as exposure for their new business they want to promote detroit as an alternative for new yorkers who feel it has got too expensive .
john massung witnessed the scene thursday as he was parachuting near sebastian inlet . the sharks pictured swarming 100 feet off the beach are thought to be blacktip or spinners which migrate this time of year to breed .
most americans identify as middle class whether they earn 20k or 250k . new study calculates how much middle class citizens earn in each state . highest paid middle class is in maryland , alaska , new jersey , hawaii , dc . lowest paid is in mississippi , arkansas , west virginia , alabama , kentucky .
woman believed to be 25 to 45 years old was found march 22 near shore parkway and 26th avenue in gravesend . had name monique tattooed on right leg within a heart and rose .
jordan spieth finished joint second on his masters debut last year . the 21 year old believes he is now better equipped to win at augusta . he admits he learned things after throwing away a two shot lead in 2014 . spieth will play alongside henrik stenson and billy horschel on thursday . read sportsmail s masters 2015 betting guide .
parma declared bankrupt last month and have n t paid players all season . they were deducted three points earlier in the serie a season . the four point sanction leaves them with 12 points from 30 games .
robert ambercrombie , a professional wrestler , shot video outside home . tied son james s tooth to the back of his muscle car before driving off . string pulled wobbly front tooth straight out of the eight year olds mouth . mr abercrombie said son had been begging him to perform diy removal .
shah jahah khan and ibrahim anderson are accused of terror offences . the pair appeared at westminster magistrates court in islamic dress . accused of handing out isis propaganda leaflets on oxford street .
tony morris qc is mounting landmark legal challenge in queensland . his blue volvo was caught doing 57km h in a 50km h zone last year . he says he was n t behind the wheel but wo n t the name person who was . he has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817 . it means a husband ca n t be compelled to incriminate his wife .
the 90 condo holiday home building in westhampton collapsed at around 3pm on wednesday . twelve fire teams were deployed to fight the blaze but could only battle it from the outside , it lasted past 8pm . the fire was so intense it melted the paint off buildings in the vicinity and sent smoke up three miles high . nobody was hurt in the fire . .
the child was held by his mother when he slipped and fell between 10 and 12ft into the pit on saturday around 3pm at the cleveland metroparks zoo . he was rescued by his parents before emergency responders arrived on the scene he suffered from minor bruises and bumps . the cheetahs seemed to ignore the boy and his parents while in the pit . zoo plans to press child endangerment charges .
match will take place at south africa s ellis park stadium on august 1 . the encounter will feature a team africa vs team world format . chris paul will lead team world with luol deng skippering team africa . nba coaches mike budenholzer and gregg popovich will be in attendance . more than 35 players from africa have played in the nba since two time nba champion hakeem olajuwon was drafted in 1984 .
residents of alderholt woke up yesterday to discover the big surprise . nobody has an idea who is behind the wonderful and generous gesture . residents took to facebook in order to thank the mystery benefactor . local resident tracey feltham said it s such a wonderful act of kindness .
an echidna is filmed swimming in turquoise waters at victoria s rye beach . the land based mammal looks to be using its ant eating snout as a snorkel . echidnas are proficient swimmers , believed to have evolved from aquatic ancestors like the platypus .
submarine is in zvyozdochka shipyard , in northwestern russia . no dangerous substances on the submarine , shipyard spokesman told itar tass .
ivan rakitic celebrated st george s day with his wife and daughter . the barcelona midfielder played the whole game in tuesday s psg win . barcelona lead la liga by two points and are in champions league semis . click here for sportsmail s lowdown on the champions league final four . who will win the champions league ? .
bolton based direct assist has gone into liquidation after receiving the fine . more than 800 concerns registered about the company in just 18 months . firm plagued households offering people access to solicitors for claims .
nato is holding huge war games exercises off the coast of scotland . alliance says planning started long before russia renewed its status as the alliance s chief adversary . but commanding officer says russia s behavior is an added motivation to do well in these exercises .
juan arango has apologised for his bite on monterrey s jesus zavala . arango had earlier scored a free kick in his team s 4 3 defeat . the 34 year old venezuela captain has admitted he was in the wrong . he was not punished in the game but could face retrospective disciplinary action from the mexican league authorities .
almeria fired juan ignacio martinez on sunday after 4 1 defeat by levante . former barcelona defender juan sergi barjuan named as new head coach . martinez took charge in december after francisco rodriguez was sacked . almeria are 18th in la liga with nine games left to play .
serena williams won her eighth miami open title on saturday . she won the final 10 games in a 6 2 6 0 demolition in miami . the unbeaten world no 1 has now won 12 consecutive finals .
phoebe jo chapman turned herself in tuesday in valdosta , georgia . charged with having sex with three male students . she resigned from the school as the investigation progressed . also had relations with another teacher .
senior official said there will be zero chance that family of american held hostages overseas will face jail or prosecution for trying to free loved ones . a national counterterrorism center advisory group is set to recommend the move which would mark radical shift in us hostage policy . family of us contractor warren weinstein , who was taken by al qaeda in pakistan in 2011 , paid a 250 , 000 ransom to try and secure his release . journalist james foley s mother said obama administration told her it was illegal to raise a ransom to free her son . james foley was beheaded in august 2014 by islamic state fighters .
walsh appears to jump a car travelling at 40mph in paddy power advert . irish jockey says in clip he is preparing for saturday s grand national . two time national winner will ride ballycasey at aintree . bookmaker is no stranger to controversial ad campaigns .
premier league champions unveil 64m mural at academy stadium . design was inspired by children and created by artists to show positive influences of football in line with charitable programme cityzens giving . captain vincent kompany was privileged to be part of the street party . click here for all the latest man city news .
carlos tevez is yet to make a final decision on his future at juventus . tevez s current deal at the serie a giants is due to expire in 2016 . boca juniors president daniel angelici claimed tevez is close to returning . transfer talk intensified when tevez replicated famous boca celebration .
nathan dailo , from sydney , posted a video to his youtube channel demonstrating how he gets his three month old son seth to fall asleep in just 42 seconds with a single piece of white tissue paper . the clip of his son drifting off has since received more than 1 . 7 million views since it was posted last month . when savannah tried the method out for herself , eight month old vale just giggled at her .
monsour alshammari , 27 , was arrested on friday at the border near san diego . he is set to be extradited back to utah where he faces charges related to the rape of a student in february . utah police said in court documents that they want him held without bail . they fear he could try again to flee the country and has already soon willingness to walk away from 100 , 000 bail .
ben flower regrets his attack on lance hohaia every day . the wigan warriors forward was sent off in 2014 super league final . flower landed punches on hohaia while he was laying on the floor . the 27 year old is ready for a comeback after a six month ban .
marseille will listen to offers for midfielder florian thauvin in the summer . tottenham have been keeping tabs on the france under 21 international . thauvin has also been watched by chelsea and valencia .
barcelona were desperate for reinforcements at the end of last season . everton defender john stones was on the club s list of transfer targets . la liga giants instead signed thomas vermaelen and jeremy mathieu . read manchester united midfielder ander herrera tracked by barcelona . read arsenal defender hector bellerin tops poll to replace dani alves .
amsterdam falafel shop , washington dc , us , launched . five falafels are paired with different strains of marijuana . combos include creamy falafel to be eaten after smoking calming strain .
tim albin of the tulsa county sheriff s office quit his job on monday . follows killing of suspect eric harris , 44 , by reserve deputy robert bates . bates claims he shot harris by accident and meant to use his taser .
leeds united travel to charlton athletic on saturday in the championship . mirco antenucci , giuseppe bellusci , dario del fabro , marco silvestri souleymane doukara and edgar cani have withdrawn from squad . understood that neil redfeard and physios were not aware of the injuries .
the 69 year old collaborated with nbc s today show to launch a contest for an elvis obsessed couple to win the ultimate wedding . the winning duo will get married in the brand new elvis presley s graceland wedding chapel at the westgate hotel on thursday , april 23 . . while she agreed to make an appearance , the woman who wed elvis in 1967 made one thing clear before unveiling the latest wedding chapel to bear his name no impersonators .
thierry henry praised francis coquelin s performance at turf moor . the former arsenal striker was speaking on sky sports coverage . henry referred to coquelin as the detective and columbo .
a concerned mother took a photo of her child s lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it online . poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing , food service coordinator jim gehlhoff said . the school nutrition association does n t think michelle obama s lunch regulations are to blame but they think a funding increase is needed .
debris from boat to be dried , inspected and taken to landfill . the debris contained fish normally found in japanese waters . the earthquake and tsunami hit japan in march 2011 .
high court throws out rules introduced to stop violent prisoners escaping . policy introduced after armed robber nicknamed skull cracker absconded . michael wheatley walked out of standford hill prison while on day release . he was serving 13 life sentences but escaped and went on the run in may .
barcelona face psg in champions league quarter final first leg . lionel messi comes into wednesday s match in incredible form . he has 45 goals in 44 games and is one short of 400 for barca . messi said he is happy and back to my best after poor 2014 . messi and cristiano ronaldo could line up together in uefa all star match .
haley fox , 24 , of turner , oregon , fractured 26 year old samuel campbell s skull with a baseball bat at her home last wednesday . she offered him wine at her home and then told him to close his eyes . fox and campbell , of adger , alabama , had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting online .
david cameron will announce the new 350 million childcare places today . he will cut tax relief on pension contributions for those on more than 150k . mr cameron will tell his audience he wants to make hard work pay . he will say that work rather than benefits is the best way to avoid poverty .
becky james is in her last week of rehab following a serious knee injury . james is hoping she can resume normal training in upcoming weeks . the 23 year old supported boyfriend george north during six nations .
warrington wolves beat wakefield wildcats 80 0 on saturday . wildcats are rooted to foot of the table after eight consecutive defeats . coach james webster said he simply does not have enough players .
alice kovich suehn , 53 , charged with elderly neglect . elderly man in kovich suehn s care was brought to florida hospital weighing only 89lbs . the 96 year old victim said kovich suehn , his legal caretaker who has power of attorney , has been starving him . when offered food , police said the skin and bones senior ate like a starving dog .
buckingham palace guard slipped and fell in front of hundreds of tourists . thought to have stumbled on manhole cover during changing of the guard . embarrassed young soldier ended up on the floor still clutching his rifle . unfortunately for him the entire incident was caught on tourist s camera .
carlo ancelotti confirms gareth bale will sit out of the eibar clash . the welshman will join suspended stars toni kroos and james rodriguez . read cristiano ronaldo will face eibar after yellow card is rescinded . real are four points behind barcelona in the race for the la liga title . click here for all the latest real madrid news .
university of oregon s tanguy pepiot had strong lead over meron simon . he raised his arms in triumph while running down the home straight . simon , of the university of washington , managed to close the gap . he beat pepiot by a tenth of a second at track event in eugene , oregon .
west ham face manchester city at the etihad on sunday , ko at 1 . 30 pm . cheikhou kouyate believes the hammers must not underestimate city . manuel pellegrini s side have lost their last two premier league games . sam allardyce wants west ham to be defensively solid on sunday .
the woman was later identified as jacqueline carr , age 65 . still uncertain who owns the tree or was responsible for its upkeep . carr was the vehicle s only occupant .
up to 300 runners in yesterday s bournemouth bay run sent wrong way . some of the racers were said to be in tears after the two mile detour . organisation slammed as shambolic as there was also water shortage .
poor visibility caused the pilot to make the decision to land the plane . the aircraft suffered a damaged undercarriage due to the bumpy descent . a helicopter came to rescue the trekkers and no one was harmed . the former captain is undertaking a 100km trek to the north pole to raise 250 , 000 for charity , along with nine sportsmen and royal marines .
thomas piermayr has been training with blackpool this week . austrian defender is a free agent after leaving mls side colorado rapids . blackpool are bottom of the championship and look set to be relegated .
brooklyn nets beat the portland trail blazers 106 96 in new york . brook lopez scored 32 points for the nets as they moved into seventh . trail blazers were without lamarcus aldridge and a number of others .
the final film featuring the late paul walker , furious 7 is opening around the globe this weekend . it s worldwide debut may approach or cross 300 million by the end of easter sunday .
bill prady has written a pilot episode to pitch to advertisers . filming will start in burbank , california , next weekend . new series set to see return of kermit , fozzie bear , gonzo and animal . first episode revolves around luring an upset miss piggy back to the cast . it has been 17 years since the last muppets tv series ended .
natural world safaris offers tourists the opportunity to share space with the endangered species . the seven day package includes basic accommodation and no guarantee you ll see a rare tiger . guests are guided by conservationist alexander batalov , who works tirelessly to protect siberian tigers .
manchester city have apologised to supporters and promised refunds . 300 fans affected after six coaches were delayed and they missed kick off . the move is likely to cost the premier league champions around 12 , 000 . city lost the game at palace 2 1 to seemingly end their title aspirations .
tom ryan , 40 , had one leg ripped off and the other left hanging by a thread . onlookers used shirt as a tourniquet in desperate bid to stop the bleeding . witness tom was screaming . .
us geological survey said quake just before 9pm had depth of five miles . was centered about four miles north of san fernando near interstate 210 . jolt was felt across san fernando valley and parts of los angeles county .
the presenter said disabled people should not be portrayed as victims . 70 year old also claimed fears of islamophobia were victimising muslims . does not believe any politician is currently equipped to be prime minister .
two mothers held the children s heads above water amid the rising tides . aged 18 months , three , six and eight , they were trapped on a sandbank . but onlookers ignored their cries for help and instead filmed the drama . it comes days after boat race spectators were rescued from the thames .
footage shows groups of captives in jumpsuits executed at 2 locations , narrator says . video makes numerous references to christians failing to pay tax or tribute to muslims .
post on mortein s facebook page linked to stephanie scott s murder . picture of the brand s mascot accompanied with putyourdressout . slammed as a tasteless decision by some social media users . ms scott was brutally murdered just days before her wedding .
lyon leapfrog paris saint germain to top french ligue 1 . les gones beat bastia 2 0 at stade de gerland on wednesday . alexandre lacazette and mohamed yattara score goals . champions psg in champions league action against barcelona .
parts of nsw are being hit with the worst weather in half a decade . social media users have taken to snapchat to share their adventures . some are boogie boarding down floodwaters after beaches were closed . others decided to try their hand at windsurfing on a skateboard .
manchester united have shown interest in signing edinson cavani . psg striker has been out of favour at times in paris this season . cavani bounced back to score in 4 0 win over bastia in league cup final . striker says there is too much talk about my future but i will remain here .
joel burger and ashley king have known each other since kindergarten . they got engaged and announced with a photo taken at burger king sign . chain found out and contacted couple about paying for their july wedding . bk will provide personalized gift bags , mason jars and crowns for event .
simba went missing in early march in the town of meckenheim , germany . his owner s neighbour heard scratching in her bathroom four weeks later . the pet was freed by firefighters and is now starting to put weight back on .
william bird , 41 , captured footage as jets approached raf lossiemouth . stood underneath 126million aircraft with seven year old stepson alex . video camera knocked sideways as second jet disappeared from view . he says clip taken on tuesday was as close to action as you could get .
spanish football legend took to twitter to announce the listing . bodega iniesta vineyard is located in castilla la mancha , spain . property has one bedroom with double bed , and kitchen and lounge area . guests are warned not to be too physical with the vines .
romance was born show at mbfwa was held on thursday morning at art gallery of nsw . designers luke sales and anna plunkett presented a typically eccentric collection of bold prints and colour . fashion week wraps up thursday night with johanna johnson show .
leicester face saracens at allianz park on saturday in aviva premiership . just two points and two places separate the sides with four games left . bath , exeter , wasps and sale all also still involved in play off chase .
disqualified owner massimo cellino confirms nicola salerno s departure . announcement comes six days after assistant coach was suspended . salerno understood to be responsible for steve thompson suspension . italian has been linked with sporting director s job at palermo in italy .
ee shops will stock free chargers so people can revive phones while out . other smartphone users can sign up to service for 20 . comes after research found 60 customers said battery wo n t last a day .
providenciales in the turks and caicos is the top tripadvisor travelers choice award winner for islands . maui ranks first on the top 10 islands list for the united states .
footage show 27 year old jared henry being knocked off his board to the ground while the deer spins on its stomach into the ditch . the pro sportsman was shooting a video for the fayettechill outdoor clothing brand before the freak accident took place .
pippa is said to have bought the baby a supply of biodegradable nappies . shoppers in geneva , switzerland , spot her buying the mull cloth nappies . the natural fibres mean the baby essentials do n t end up in landfill heaps . likely to be a hit with new royal s environmentally conscious grandfather .
once a super typhoon , maysak is now a tropical storm with 70 mph winds . it could still cause flooding , landslides and other problems in the philippines .
a quote attributed to maya angelou on her commemorative stamp released by the us postal service is actually that of another writer . a bird does n t sing because it has an answer , it sings because it has a song , reads the stamp , a quote that has long been attributed to angelou . joan walsh anglund wrote the words in her 1967 book a cup of sun . angelou , the acclaimed author of such classics as i know why the cage bird sings , was issued the forever stamp for her contributions to the arts . the stamp was unveiled tuesday at an event featuring first lady michelle obama , oprah winfrey and postmaster general megan j . brennan .
footage shows a thief casually stroll up to a range rover in north london . using keyless technology he breaks into vehicle without causing damage . less than 30 seconds later he drives off in the 4x4 in a car hacking theft .
yulia simonova said she wanted the teenager to suffer unbearable pain . offered to pay hitman 1 , 400 to murder the boy in police sting operation . now faces 15 years in prison after being charged with attempted murder .
michael keaton hosted saturday night live for the first time in 1982 . in 2015 , his nods to starring roles in beetlejuice and batman are brief .
andrew o clee , 36 , has been jailed after his second marriage was exposed . he wed michelle in 2008 and forged documents so he could marry philippa . dating profile matching his description has been found on plenty of fish . o clee was caught out in elaborate lie after video appeared on facebook .
the two australians are currently in isolation on death row in indonesia . were moved from bali jail to the island they will be executed on last month . a jakarta court will decide whether they can challenge clemency ruling . they are battling to overturn indonesian president joko widodo s decision to deny the pair clemency .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2 1 on monday night . england boss roy hodgson and ex rolling stone bill wyman were there . chairman steve parish posts picture with them and alan pardew .
psv beat heerenveen to lift their first eredivisie title in seven years . ajax , who won the title for four successive years , are behind in second . luuk de jong and memphis depay starred as psv eased to 4 1 win . dordecht are on the verge of relegation after 3 0 loss to vitesse arnhem . az alkmaar qualified for the europa league play offs with 3 1 win .
ed miliband lost one of the backers of his high profile support letter . blogger callie thorpe was one of the ordinary workers who signed it . just hours later she tweeted her support for greens leader natalie bennett .
didier drogba has picked up a thigh injury and pulled out of a charity game . chelsea are already missing diego costa and loic remy through injury . they travel to face arsenal at the emirates stadium on sunday at 4pm . costa returns to first team training this week to boost jose mourinho .
michael gridley , 26 , was jailed after running the scam at store in basildon . was sacked from position after supermarket received anonymous reports . but he is now employed as a manager at lidl supermarket in romford . sentenced to 12 months at southend crown court for leading role in scam .
proceeds will help build medical clinic in abidjan , ivory coast s capital city . charity ball held at london s dorchester hotel on saturday evening . drogba was joined by chelsea directors , players and staff at the event . grammy nominee christina milian and fuse odg entertained guests . live auction included vip tickets to mayweather vs pacquiao fight .
thousands of fans expected to turn up to the mgm arena in las vegas . to watch the weigh in , spectators will need to purchase advance tickets . the tickets can be bought on friday with all the money going to charity . read mayweather vs pacquiao tickets sell out within 60 seconds . read mayweather vs pacquiao purse could hit 300m .
chelsea are currently nine points clear in the premier league standings . jose mourinho s side face arsenal at the emirates on sunday . the blues have six games remaining in the current league campaign .
natasha jonas has announced her retirement from the world of boxing . the 30 year old was the first female to represent britain at the olympics . jonas won the bronze medals at the world and european championships . click here for all the latest boxing news .
tiger woods increased speculation regarding possible major comeback . woods has been spotted at augusta national on more than once occasion . the 39 year old has dropped out of top 100 for first time in almost 19 years .
marsha yumi perry , 36 , of washougal , washington was arrested on friday . police dog tracked her sent through a field coming within feet of the hole . officer kyle day gave warning he was about to unleash the dog when the ground moved and she sat up , police said . boy suffered cut to his face and scrapes to his knees and elbows . perry was arrested on felony hit and run , driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant .
clasico rivals could join forces for south dream team against north . a marketing company has proposed the idea to governing body uefa . idea has been inspired by the annual nba all star games in basketball . likes of neymar , zlatan ibrahimovic and sergio aguero could also feature .
after going through check in , nguyen thi hang stopped before boarding . vietjet air employee believed her luggage would weigh more than 7kg . after putting case on scales , woman slapped airport worker .
real madrid dispatched off eibar 3 0 with cristiano ronaldo starring . barcelona threw away a two goal lead at sevilla to give real a chance . juventus were shocked by bankrupt parma after losing 1 0 . roma and lazio locked in exciting battle for the champions league .
aston villa defender kevin toner captains the club under 21 team . the 18 year old is being tracked by number of rival premier league clubs . newcastle and stoke have been watching the young central defender .
the group called slide christchurch took on new zealand s baldwin street . the footage was captured by spectators and on a rider s helmet camera . one of the riders believes the group reached speeds of more than 60mph .
the slow motion footage was captured in santa barbara , california . scott kaiser videoed the bird sitting on a post overlooking the water . pelican yawns exposing its beak size , tongue and inner bill anatomy .
landen martin , two , was killed after running behind the car on sunday . his uncle , 19 year old joshua saunders was backing out of the driveway of a gainesville , georgia home when the accident occurred , police said . the child was pronounced dead at northeast georgia medical center . saunders was arrested on charges including reckless driving , leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide .
monk wu yunqing , who was 102 , sits in lotus position in golden cloak . skin , hair and facial features are all clearly visible years later . mummification a form of higher enlightenment for some buddhist monks . a large porcelain vase is the key to the success of preserving bodies .
cuban born kathy ferreiro s curves have attracted fans on social media . bikini loving beach babe says photos of her booty are all natural . miami based party girl is hoping to become next kim kardashian . has a huge following in colombia and other latin american countries .
benik afobe is aiming to become the country s leading goal scorer . the wolves striker says he feels unstoppable at the moment . afobe has scored 31 times this season , one more than harry kane .
brief clash occurred near amber mountain national park in madagascar . footage shows the pair sizing each other up before one strikes . the more aggressive of the two takes a huge bite out of his foe . defeated chameleon wriggles free and then tries to escape along a wall .
labourer pham quang lanh had metal plate inserted in head after injury . but the surgery caused his head to swell with a potentially fatal infection . family spotted maggot infestation after he repeatedly complained of pain . surgeons say the maggots had eaten the infected tissue but not his brain .
elliot kear played for premiership rugby s relegated london welsh . he joined the oxford based rugby club from super league s bradford . kear could line up for the broncos as soon as sunday against dewsbury .
siem de jong has been out of action since the end of august . the 6m summer signing suffered a collapsed lung in february . de jong was ruled out for the rest of the season but is close to full fitness .
actress , 44 , gave birth to son jaxton in september and wants to shift 2st . has sought the help of susan hepburn who helped lily allen slim 3 sizes . claire says she wants to sort her binge mentality . says she went on a binge at a pal s birthday and made herself feel sick . she has had one session so far and says she can already see results .
greg dyke could axe the england c team to find the needed 30million . the fa chairman needs the money to help with his grassroots plans . premier league player george boyd played for the non league team .
ufc light heavyweight champion jon jones ran from a crash that hospitalised a pregnant woman , witnesses told police . according to police , the accident occurred in albuquerque just before noon on sunday when the driver of a rented suv jumped a red light . the driver , whom an off duty officer identified as jones , ran from the scene but then returned for the cash before fleeing again , police said . jones is widely considered the best pound for pound mixed martial artist .
melissa ball was parked at gas station with son grayden in the backseat . christopher whitmore pulled up beside car , shooting his son and then wife . couple had history of domestic issues but motivation for killing not known .
noelle reno believes former fiancee intended to jump from london home . scot young , 52 , died after falling and becoming impaled on metal railings . ms reno , reality tv star , said in blog he unexpectedly committed suicide . others have speculated that russian gangs were involved in his death .
west brom finished 10th and 8th under roy hodgson and steve clarke . the baggies finished 17th in last season s premier league . tony pulis wants to do extensive business in the summer market .
the british no 1 was edged out in a keenly fought contest which lasted two and a half hours . vekic won 6 3 , 4 6 , 7 5 to eliminate the 16th seed . she will play either madison brengle or edina gallovits hall .
anthony doerr s all the light we can not see wins pulitzer for fiction . elizabeth kolbert s the sixth extinction wins general nonfiction prize .
jockey blake shinn lost his pants while riding down the home straight . the pants went . . . and there was nothing i could do , he said afterwards . shinn , atop miss royale , only managed to finish second in the race . acting chief steward greg rudolph said he had never seen anything like it .
family of bounkham bou bou phonesavanh settled with habersham county , georgia late last month for 964k for his pain and suffering . in may 2014 , swat police in search of a drug dealer they believed was living at the phonesavanh home tossed a grenade in bou bou s crib . while those officers were cleared of wrongdoing in october , bou bou s medical care has surpassed 1million and he still needs more surgery .
the stolen peruvian mummy was abandoned by archaeological dig site . street cleaners found the remains in a box and called police . believed stolen from chan chan capital of the chimu empire .
rio ferdinand says manchester united need wayne rooney in attack . he believes rooney s form has been key to their upturn in performances . ferdinand said united s 2 1 win at anfield shows they are on to something . manchester united vs manchester united the expert view of the derby . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
oregon police are looking for the mystery motorcyclist who saved two boys from a gunman , edward west . west allegedly confronted the boys after an argument and told them to get ready to die . the rider swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun from west s hands , allowing the boys to escape unharmed .
astrophysicist amy mainzer says she was was touched by malala s story of determination . mainzer also works on educating children about science .
woman s body found in the water at derby motor boat club on sunday . discovered just hours after children s easter egg hunt in the grounds . a 65 year old man arrested in connection with her death has been bailed . police say they are treating unidentified woman s death as suspicious .
emad sahabi suffered the terrible injury while playing for al orubah . they had been playing al shoalah in the saudi arabia premier league . sahabi tumbled over before his ankle was left hanging off his leg .
officials say the investigation originated from intercepted chatter . possible threat focused on parts of california , one says .
the school girls , aged between 16 and 18 , undergo a five day intensive knife fighting course to learn self defence . the students are being trained by a former special forces soldier called inspector tan who supervises the drills . the 27th march huizhou integrated high school purchased 250 knives with plastic retractable blades for safety . however , instructor tan said following his course the girls will be able to defend themselves even with chopsticks .
abu khdeir s name is on the memorial wall at jerusalem s mount herzl . his father and a terror victim advocacy group objected to his being included in the list . the palestinian teenager was beaten and burned by three israelis , authorities say .
alastair cook has been part of three of the six ten century partnerships . day three s effort with trott is england s first since march 2013 . then it was cook with nick compton against new zealand in dunedin . west indies bowler shannon gabriel hit 94 . 3 mph on thursday .
samsung previously relied on other firms to make its chips . firm now using its own processor , modem and power supply chips .
ellanora arthur baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years . husband does n t have permanent address or permanent employment . baidoo is granted permission to send divorce papers via facebook .
chinese internet users have dubbed it the craziest rear end collision . a white truck is struck by the turret of the tank driving behind it . crash took place on a roundabout near a residential area yesterday . no comments have been given regarding the cause of the incident .
deanna rudison , 55 , charged with two counts of aggravated battery in new orleans bleach attack . jonathan rudison , 27 , named a person of interest after he allegedly threw one of the victims to the ground , breaking her arm . police say rudison became upset that an 18 year old girl and her friend skipped line at gas station store . surveillance video caught rudison walking outside with a white bottle and throwing liquid in the face of two girls .
the spanish royal family attended easter mass at palma s cathedral . first appearance of princesses sofia and leonor in several months . the children s grandmother , queen sofia was also in attendance . the family are staying at the marivent palace royal holiday residence .
barney gibson became the youngest first class cricketer in 2011 . the yorkshire wicketkeeper made his debut shortly at 15 . gibson said it was a difficult decision to retire from the game .
barcelona face paris saint germain in champions league quarter finals . ahead of the tie , gerard pique has heaped praise on barcelona forwards . he says he has never seen a relationship like the one luis suarez , lionel messi and luis suarez have for barcelona . perhaps in a swipe at cristiano ronaldo , pique went on to say that there is no hint of jealousy between the three barcelona players .
satellite tv operator has ended the campaign after complaints by rival comcast that their claims could n t be substantiated . launched last october , the ads had featured rob lowe playing a slick directv customer and an odd or awkward alter ego who had cable . number of inaccuracies highlighted concerning signal reliability , shorter customer service wait times , better picture and sound quality . directv claims the campaign was always going to end at the end of q1 .
more than 200 people queued up to get their hands on aldi s spot prizes . the company issued golden tickets to first 100 customers through doors . it was to celebrate the launch of a new store in avlaston , derbyshire .
incoming ecb chairman colin graves has handled the potential return of kevin pietersen very poorly . graves has pitched several outlandish ideas about reducing test matches to four days . he should focus his attention on addressing the england fixture congestion .
cody got stuck after wandering into ditch in belvedere , south east london . animal rescue experts spent an hour and a half rescuing distressed horse . after being freed , the horse was seen by a vet and taken back to his stables .
tiny cubs were abandoned in a cardboard box , next to a clothing donation point , in a car park in pennsylvania . seven baby foxes five males and two females were taken to animal rehabilitation center for care and treatment . cubs were dehydrated but healthy , and will stay in the center for a few months before being returned to the wild .
andy carroll is currently out injured nursing a knee ligament damage . the west ham striker posted a photo of him posing on a wooden throne . carroll will miss the rest of the season but should be back for pre season . click here for all the latest west ham united news .
brian cassidy was picking up trash from the parking lot of the bangor , maine store last thursday when he found the wet stack of cash . he immediately contacted security and police were called . they discovered that a man who worked at a nearby restaurant , ou chen , had reported losing the money while cleaning snow off his car last winter . police returned the cash to chen and thanked cassidy for his integrity by awarding him a police deparment coin .
the designer diffusion line went on sale sunday morning but was nearly sold out online before noon , with stores selling out minutes after opening . re sellers initially tried to unload merchandise at crazy prices including 799 for a 150 hammock now thousands of pieces are available on ebay with smaller markups .
gisele bundchen walked the runway for the last time wednesday night in brazil . the supermodel announced her retirement from runway modeling over the weekend . she plans to continue working in other facets of the industry .
12 year old boy survives five storey fall by landing on a car . father says child was sleepwalking and fell from the window . public security bureau is further investigating the incident . car owner feels dismayed as he bought the car not long ago .
the film is expected to gross 115 million or more . paul walker died in a car crash during filming . furious 7 poised to nab the biggest opening of 2015 so far .
survey finds women rule out five photos before posting a selfie online . two in three women anxious about having their photo taken , onepoll found . itv show launching campaign to get people to share their first selfie online .
two million high school students admitted to using e cigarettes in 2014 . that is an increase of 13 per cent from the 660 , 000 recorded in 2013 . traditional cigarette use has plummeted by 9 per cent , cdc study shows . experts warn e cigarette marketing is not regulated .
carol chandler , 53 , accused of abusing boy under 14 at st paul s school . teacher at southwark crown court facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency at the school between 1983 and 1985 . school costs 32 , 000 a year and counts george osborne among old boys .
manchester united manager louis van gaal was stunned players could not train after dark at the swish carrington training ground . van gaal ordered improvements including the installation of floodlights . the dutchman is keen to replicate match conditions during sessions .
ap mccoy s mount benvolio withdrawn from scottish grand national . paul nicholls pulls horse due to unsuitable drying conditions at ayr . mccoy is due to retire next week after over 4 , 000 career wins .
villagers in shangdong are seen using bags as long as six metres . it is becoming a common behaviour in some villages since 2011 . previous investigation suggested gas in the bag are often stolen . gas carriers have little understanding of dangers claiming it to be safe .
researchers said during security conference that payment devices by unidentified global vendor came with password 166816 . while researchers did not identify the vendor , google search points to verifone , which said its devices in the field come with password z66831 . verifone claimed sensitive payment information or personally identifiable information can not be captured .
not all turtles can swim , said florida wildlife officials this week after concerned beachgoers tried to throw baby tortoises in the ocean . there were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles . tortoises have toes with claws on each toe but sea turtles have flippers with just one or two claws on each fore flipper .
horse won by rugby star mike tindall at boozy auction wins him 105 , 000 . former england player bought monbeg dude for 12 , 000 at charity event . tindall and wife zara phillips celebrate at aintree after outsider came third . sport star tweets he is lost for words and emotions following surprise win .
manuel pellegrini won the premier league and capital one cup last season . city currently sit fourth in the league table 12 points behind chelsea . pellegrini s contract expires at the end of the 2015 16 season . city players have been impressed with vieira s work with the youth team . pep guardiola is city s first choice to succeed pellegrini at the etihad .
john goodwin , 75 , of atkinson , new hampshire , went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault . the jury were not aware of what had happened when they decided they could not reach a verdict . goodwin had pleaded not guilty in the case in which prosecutors said he repeatedly sexually assaulted a student , who is now 24 . the former student alleged the abuse began when he was 11 years old and lasted from 2002 to 2005 .
australian prime minister skols a beer with celebrating football players . video emerged of tony abbott drinking the beer in six seconds . the prime minister reportedly earlier gave a speech at the club function . a crowd of 50 people surrounded mr abbott to cheer him on as he drank .
two men got in an argument about noise levels on thursday night . a scuffle broke out and phillip pama struck leon yeaman once in the head . mr yeaman could not be revived and was announced dead at the scene . pama has no history of violence and is reportedly beside himself . his defence lawyer said he hit out blindly and did n t see his punch connect . pama was granted conditional bail and is set to return to court may 18 .
michael vaughan said alastair cook s movement had improved since last year . cook was caught for 13 moments after vaughan s praise . cook has struggled with the bat over the last year .
auckland coastguards received unusual call out to a homemade boat race . the race saw 15 boats including a floating subaru car and couch on tyres . one vessel capsized outside of the harbour , however no one was injured . hibiscus coastguards posted their delight at everyone wearing life jackets .
the group included four children , turkish official says . turkish military did n t say what group s intent was . uk foreign office says it is trying to get information from turkish officials .
world endurance championship begins at silverstone on april 12 . scantily clad beauties traditionally pose next to cars before races . grid girls decision has been welcomed for those seeking gender equality .
premier league duo radamel falcao and sergio aguero star in puma video . south american strikers feature in advert ahead of manchester derby . manchester city travel to old trafford looking to salvage their poor season . manchester united are looking for champions league spot after slow start .
newcastle united travel to sunderland on sunday in tyne wear derby . gutierrez has appeared as substitute in three games since return from testicular cancer , but has n t yet been on winning side . argentine wants to make amends after four straight losses to rivals .
nuku vanonyi cudjoe calvocoressi , 41 , taught politics at a public school . he was caught indecently exposing himself to a woman on a train . cudjoe calvocoressi has been banned from teaching following hearing . he was also told to sign the sex offenders register for five years .
xabi prieto struck a 33rd minute penalty to give real sociedad the lead . perez mart nez equalised for deportivo five minutes before the break . gonzalo castro restored sociedad s lead with a stunning volley . but verdu nicolas rescued a point for the visitors late on .
woman called emergency services as she tried to drive to louisville hospital . interstate 65 north was closed so obama could drive into town from airport . a nurse also stuck in traffic helped her through the delivery .
claim was made by the commander of russian space command . oleg maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk . but in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse . comments came on the anniversary of yuri gagarin s first spaceflight .
misao okawa , the world s oldest person dies at the age of 117 . . she passed away on wednesday morning in japan . .
delta said a small number of customers on flight 271 from paris to newark complained of nausea and possible minor injuries . two people taken to massachusetts general hospital after unscheduled landing at logan airport in boston . extreme turbulence prevented the plane from landing at newark and then jfk before pilot headed to logan .
taylor davis , 20 , was seen in the kissimmee , florida store , touching himself and following a female shopper on tuesday . he told deputies he went to walmart to do some shopping and listened to audio porn on his phone while inappropriately touching himself . the disney employee engaged in similar behavior at the theme park . the 20 year old was arrested on disorderly conduct and criminal mischief and booked into the osceola county jail .
thousands of children turned out for the event in sacramento , california . it was an attempt to break world record but they missed application deadline . adults invaded children only event with baskets picking up candy . other parents raged that their two year olds had been crushed in the chaos .
a passenger discovered excrement in a newspaper on a cross city train . train was held at birmingham new street so the carriage could be cleaned . london midland said cctv images of the culprit would be given to police .
during a question and answer session at the white house for children , a little girl named anya brodie asked michelle obama her age . when obama told brodie that she was 51 brodie exclaimed , you re too young for 51 ! . on wednesday the white house hosted their annual take our daughters and sons to work day .
ex liverpool boss told he would need to see a dietician before appointment . benitez was often mocked as a fat spanish waiter during his anfield reign . ferrero addresses talk of job swap with sinisa mihajlovic heading to napoli . mihajlovic has guided sampdoria to the brink of european qualification .
french owned sovetours coach turned back from boarding ferry in devon . bus full of tourists had wanted to cross the river dart in dartmouth . ferry bosses say coach was too big to be allowed to cross river . coach driver forced to perform u turn on slippery narrow slipway .
derek skyler brux , 22 , unhitched a pair of locomotives and took them on a high speed run 13 miles down one of the busiest tracks in the country . he then crashed into an inactive train at 10mph before backing up and doing it again before he was stopped by a rail link employee . brux was a utility coal operator at the north antelope rochelle mine . he must also pay 63 , 000 in restitution to rail link .
charlie austin set to be included after netting 17 times for qpr this season . harry kane will be with gareth southgate s england under 21 team . austin will be monitored by roy hodgson and his no 2 ray lewington . england play the republic of ireland and slovenia in june .
danel hall , 10 , was seriously injured when he was shot in the stomach . it is believed he was hit by a stray bullet intended for an aggressive dog . he was rushed to hospital after the bullet narrowly missed his liver .
animal planet captures katie the giraffe s labor and delivery . the new baby wiggles its ears , rises , tries to nurse from its mom .
edda goering , 76 , petitioned bavarian parliament to return father s legacy . in 1960s she also tried to have painting looted by her father returned to her . today she refuses to criticise the military leader , calling him a loving man . goering was deputy to hitler and was the nazi regime s greatest art thief .
despite having several tattoos while in the marines , sgt . daniel knapp has been denied re enlistment because of his ink . after leaving he got a pair of crossed rifles and 0311 designation for marine riflemen on his forearm . the tattoo contravenes the organization s strict policy concerning size and placement . my tattoos never stopped me from shooting anyone , said knapp of jacksonville , north carolina . he is now considering joining the army which has less stringent rules about body ink .
libby jane wilson was playing in yarrow valley country park in chorley . was attacked by a jack russell dog while she climbed through a tunnel . the pet bit her face leaving puncture marks and narrowly missing her eye . the dog owner called the pet away from the toddler but then fled the scene .
adelaide crows captain taylor walker comforted team s crying mascot . satine cahill , 7 , was supposed to lead afl team out onto field on sunday . she became spooked by fireworks on the field and burst into tears . tex approached satine and comforted her before holding her hand tightly . they walked out into the stadium together to take on north melbourne .
jesse and melissa meek revealed they re expecting a child in a rap video they made set to theme from the fresh prince of bel air . the clip , which features jesse and melissa meek rapping as they drive in a car , has been viewed over 1 . 7 million times on youtube . it took five takes to film the happy valley , oregon , couple s video .
ringling brothers barnum and bailey circus announced that it will no longer have elephants in the show starting in 2018 . the elephants will be taken to the ringling brothers elephant conservation center in central florida . some will live their lives out there while others will be used for breeding .
ucla study found the pill shrinks two parts of the brain linked to emotion . synthetic hormones found in the contraceptive are thought to be to blame . believe it could account for increased anxiety and depressive episodes .
police have seen a surge in number of child sex abuse cases since 2011 . in south yorkshire the figure rose by 577 per cent over the last four years . comes after 1 , 400 children were found to have been abused in rotherham . despite the rise in reported cases the number of arrests made decreased . critics described the ratio of arrests to reports as a national scandal .
susie clark , of evening shade , arkansas , found the diamond on thursday at crater of diamonds state park . the 3 . 69 carat gem is teardrop shaped about the size of a pinto bean . park interpreter said it s the largest of the 122 diamonds found this year .
vall d hebron hospital in barcelona claims it has carried out a world first . reconstructed a man s lower face and neck in a 27 hour long operation . he had facial deformities , speech and vision problems and risk of bleeding . team of 45 medical staff carried out the procedure in february .
chinese property conglomerate dalian wanda bought 20 per cent of atletico madrid for 32 . 8 m . deal was announced in january but ratified after two egms . dalian wanda hope the deal will develop the club in asia .
bodies of couple in their 20s found by locals in public park near new delhi . woman was wearing glass bangles traditionally worn by newlywed brides .
5 , 500 signatures call for jedi temple after similar petition asked for campus mosque . petition started by a student at dokuz eylul university in the western province of izmir .
julian speroni signed from dundee in 2004 and is a crystal palace legend . argentine goalkeeper triggers contract extension at selhurst park . speroni will have testimonial at the end of the season against dundee .
michael weyman and ryan bailey s sudden departures left huge void . dane tilse is to sign a two and a half year contract with hull kr . he joins former canberra raiders team mate terry campese at robins .
ken broskey livonia , michigan , has been diagnosed with stage 4 cancer and his doctors have urged him to check into hospice care . instead he has taken a job with uber to earn money to pay off his mortgage before he dies so his daughter and grandchildren can have his house . roland gainer , a college student , started a gofundme page for broskey after meeting him which has almost reached its 95 , 000 goal . uber is also donating 1 to the page when people write uberpartnerken into their app when requesting a ride this weekend .
authorities say that while sea lion pups can be cute they also have a vicious bite . witnesses say four people wrapped the sea lion pup in a blanket on dockweiler state beach then fled the scene . mammal is in danger as it needs fluid and specific foods to survive .
floyd mayweather loves his snacks according to chef q . the boxer keeps his training camp stocked with sweets for snack day . chef reveals mayweather s favourite snack is twizzlers as she spends over 200 on the champion s sweet tooth . mayweather fights manny pacquiao in much anticipated fight on may 2 .
five people were hospitalised following a crash on the central coast , nsw . the 17 year old driver was travelling with four other people on thursday . emergency services were called after a car collided head on into a wall . the driver had apparently received her p s on the same day of the accident . it is understood five people were in the mitsubishi lancer sedan . the driver and a female were taken to hospital in a serious condition . while three other passengers were taken to hospital in a stable condition .
eddie raymond tipton of norwalk , iowa was charged with two felony counts of fraud for illegally playing the lottery . now prosecutors believe the iowa lottery worker used an intricate hack to ensure his numbers were drawn by the system . they then believe he tampered with security cameras so he would not be caught installing the program he used to have his numbers drawn . police became suspicious after the winner of the jackpot waited until the last moment to claim they re prize and would not reveal their identity . robert clark rhodes , who tried to claim the ticket , was arrested in march and also charged with two counts of fraud .
sierra sharry was eight months pregnant when her son s father died . a photographer was able to add lane smith to the family photo .
william kerr was released on licence in january but left bail hostel in hull . 53 year old was jailed in 1998 for the murder of maureen comfort . ms comfort s body was found in a cupboard in her flat by relatives .
fire crews in south wales stretched to breaking point by wave of wildfires . authorities call on parents to report children if suspected of starting blazes . fires turned the valleys black and devastated wildlife in surrounding area .
david nicholson , 48 , has resigned as head of basingstoke school . allegedly used school email to organise a threesome with escorts . escort said she enjoyed dressing in uniform , which he was keen on . father of four said he was looking forward to putting you over my knee .
sara errani beat seventh seed agnieszka radwanska 7 6 8 6 6 4 . radwanska follows fifth seed ana ivanovic out of stuttgart event . errani to meet zarina diyas who beat sabine lisicki 6 0 6 0 .
little catalina from america was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cupboards at home . but when her father tells her to clean up her mess , she vehemently refuses with a heated and rather cute argument ensuing .
jason gillespie has landed a role in the big bash t20 league . the former australian fast bowler will coach the adelaide strikers . gillespie will combine the role with his duties at yorkshire .
danny eckhart , a reserve officer from st . tammany parish in louisiana , was arrested saturday and stripped of his commission . authorities say he drunkenly took a patrol boat out on the tchefuncte river then crashed it into t river bar and restaurant . st . tammany parish police say he was not on duty . .
hugh rodham s tombstone is found tipped over in scranton , pennsylvania . it was reported two days after hillary clinton announced her presidential bid .
4ft missile was spotted on the roof of barge as it sailed through reading . alarmed passer by called police and army bomb disposal team responded . perched next to missile was the menacing head and shoulders of a dummy . experts scoured boat and said weapon was found to be purely ornamental .
david cameron grilled by young voters on bbc radio 1 s live lounge . host chris smith accused of taking hostile stance towards tory leader . audience often interrupted prime minister as he answered questions . listeners called interview disgusting and accused bbc of left wing bias .
state department has banned safer hassan s license plate 370h55v . it has been on his lamborghini for three years without any problems . now texas department for motor vehicles have banned offensive plates .
the international community is calling for the release of the five women . chinese authorities detained them last month over their campaign for gender equality .
citizens gather to honor victims on one boston day , two years after the marathon bombings . today will always be a little emotional for me , one bostonian tells cnn .
five members of the same family were trapped and died in north wales flat . jay liptrot , who owned the property , has been charged with manslaughter . a neighbour of the victims was jailed for life for murdering the family .
the pooch has the eyes of a beagle and an english bulldog s tough hair . the dog , voted for across the country , was created by veterinary company . revealed londoners like small dogs and great danes loved in east anglia .
andy mcilvaine , 33 , got talking to southwest staff during his flight to propose to his girlfriend in maine last october . touched by his story , they gave him a 100 voucher as a gift . after he wrote to thank the ceo , the company threw the couple a shower at bwi airport in baltimore on april 1 . baltimore based mcilvaine and dallas based kelley mulsingeron spend much of their relationship flying to visit one another .
the fbi cites social media messages sent by keonna thomas , 30 . she s accused of trying to travel overseas to join isis . thomas is one of three women facing federal terror charges this week .
the yankee stadium signage was bought by hall of famer reggie jackson when the stadium was shuttered in 2008 for an undisclosed sum . before the auction , jackson had promised to fly out himself to see the letters at the winner s home .
sarah wilson admitted anxiety drove her to think about taking her own life . ms wilson has suffered from anxiety since she was a young girl . anxiety , stress , loneliness and a thyroid disease made her feel worthless . one in three australian women will experience anxiety in their lifetime . ms wilson said anxiety is quickly becoming the new depression .
the boy picked up the condom in his school playground at bennett elementary in bennett , colorado last week . his mother said it would be a year until her son had the all clear from his std testing .
chelsea supporters trust teamed up with playfair qatar to set up protest . supporters invited to take part in protest photo aimed at improving rights of migrant construction workers building qatar stadiums . protest will be held at 3pm out side stamford bridge ahead of chelsea s clash with manchester united on saturday evening .
recall affects packs of asda branded little angels 2 newborns soothers . a customer had complained the teat on one product detached from casing . supermarket asking customers to dispose of the product or return them .
an italian newspaper scored theo walcott five out 10 for his display . walcott started in attack alongside harry kane before being replaced . antonio conte is lauded after helping his side claim positive result . graziano pelle should return to serie a , according to the italian media . click here to read martin samuel s match report from turin .
tony pulis says jeremy peace will only sell club to right person . west brom are available for 150m as long as a suitable buyer is found . pulis relegation threatened side face rivals leicester at the hawthorns . click here for all the latest west brom news .
council chiefs attached the leaflets which promoted recycling to green bins . it told stratford upon avon residents what could and could not go in them . but embarrassingly , a footnote on the poster read this is not recyclable .
the 36 year old will stage his next student on april 29 . in november , wallenda walked back and forth between two chicago skyscrapers in a live television event . his great grandfather karl wallenda died in a tight role walk in puerto rico in 1978 . wallenda has also tight rope walked across niagara falls and the grand canyon .
more than 600 million people will wager 500 million on saturday s race . four out of ten britons admit to picking their horse because of the name . seven out of ten women make their selection for the big race by pot luck . champion jockey and 2010 winner tony mccoy will retire after the race .
dr . seuss new book , what pet should i get ? . the publisher released a never before seen image from inside the book by theodor geisel .
michael clarke believes kevin pietersen s surrey form warrants a recall . the 34 year old has not played for england since the fifth test in sydney . he was described as disengaged from his team mates during final test . pietersen signed for surrey hoping to score enough runs to regain place .
three men were trapped inside container at wetherill park in sydney . authorities worked to free the men shortly after 11am on thursday . they had been unloading timber from container when it fell on them . two men died at the scene and the other was seriously injured .
amazing pictures show a millipede stretching as it tries to escape a tiny , hungry weaver ant much smaller than itself . the weaver ant shows incredible strength as it throws around its large prey and cleverly balances the centipede . student frenki jung , 17 , from sambas , borneo captured dramatic images , he shot the close ups in his front garden .
faa backtracks on saying crew reported a pressurization problem . one passenger lost consciousness . the plane descended 28 , 000 feet in three minutes .
gaston pinsard , 96 , admitted sexually assault two girls over 50 years ago . his victims were just five years old when the abuse first started . jailed for 18 months after he admitted nine charges of indecent assault . judge describes the case as distressing and unpleasant as he jails oap .
a teenager has broken the world record for completing a rubik s cube . collin burns finished the notoriously difficult puzzle in just 5 . 25 seconds . he shaved 0 . 3 of a second off the record at an event in pennsylvania .
tracey woodford , 47 , was found dead in a pontypridd flat last week . christopher nathan may , 50 , accused of murdering and dismembering her . his alleged victim had been missing for three days before being found .
alan gordon put la galaxy into the lead after 23 minutes with a header . robbie keane and clint dempsey both missed the game through injury . lamar neagle had a number of chances to score for the visitors . david beckham was present to watch the mls clash at the stubhub arena .
cloud appeared in central china s hunan province last friday . a university student snapped the moment on his way to the library . picture has sparked tongue in cheek debate on mother nature s password .
bette carrouze , 78 , a mother of two from brighton , loves a good party . says other pensioners are boring because they moan about sore knees . regularly goes clubbing in gay bars and returns in the small hours . admits that taking the bus after a night out can be a bit embarrassing . bette carrouze appears on oaps behaving badly , tonight on channel 5 at 9pm .
valencia claimed a 3 0 derby victory at home to levante on monday . singapore owned club moved to within a point of atletico madrid .
sergey bubka launched a manifesto ahead of running to be iaaf president . he is sebastian coe s rival for the position in august s election . bubka promised crackdown on doping and review of athletics as a whole .
randy lerner was expected to make a rare appearance for wembley game . but lerner had to miss the match on sunday after his aunt died . aston villa beat liverpool to reach the fa cup final .
risks for cigar smokers of dying from cancer at least as bad as cigarettes . claim follows us study , where cigar use is on rise and cigarettes a decline . cigar consumption doubled from 2000 2011 33 per cent fall in cigarettes . more young people taking up cigars thanks to new range of flavoured ones .
stash valued at 5 , 620 discovered in 67 year old christine carriage s home . officers said property looked more like clothing warehouse than a dwelling . she was handed a six month suspended sentence at norwich crown court .
tonya stack , wife of mike stack , allegedly hurled drink at fundraiser . kevin boyle , who sits in pa house of representatives , says he was hit with obscene gesture , called it trashy , then got covered in sticky drink . event was held in honor of michael strange , who died in afghanistan . boyle and stack , both democrats , have been in political power struggles . backed separate candidates for seats in house legislature .
brother of groom fired kalashnikov in celebration at riyadh reception . caught on camera as he loses control of the powerful rifle at wedding . guests dived for cover as a hail of bullets ricocheted off the walls .
memphis depay has been linked with a summer move to man united . tottenham and man city are also said to be keeping tabs on psv star . depay has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season . the dutch ace worked under louis van gaal at the 2014 world cup .
angela merkel has challenged cameron to accept more asylum seekers . she said a new eu system was needed based on countries economies . it comes as europe reacts to several boat tragedies in the mediterranean .
17 americans were exposed to the ebola virus while in sierra leone in march . another person was diagnosed with the disease and taken to hospital in maryland . national institutes of health says the patient is in fair condition after weeks of treatment .
norway s alexander kristoff won race after sprint finish with niki terpstra . geraint thomas was among favourites to claim title following recent win . the welshman was unable to recover ground on kristoff and terpstra .
phil taylor suffered his fourth loss of the season with thursday s defeat . peter wright lost 7 4 to adrian lewis , while kim huybrechts drew 6 6 with stephen bunting on judgement night in manchester . results meant wright suffered elimination due to leg difference . league leader michael van gerwen romped to a 7 4 win over james wade . raymond van barneveld drew 6 6 with gary anderson in the other clash .
the suspect apparently had no motive for staging the attack in the 11000 block of wagner street in del rey , los angeles , on sunday night . he is described as hispanic , medium build and wearing a grey hoodie . according to the victim s father , the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots . as of monday , the boy was listed in critical but stable condition .
man threw a wheel spanner at security night patrol car in harts range , northern territory . he then deliberately drove his car through doors of a police station . the 42 year old man managed to drive away in the damaged car . car had no front number plate , front bumper bar or working headlights . vehicle may still have rear number plate which is sa registered s145 avi . station is located 240km northeast of alice springs in northern territory .
world news tonight evening newscast has officially overtaken underfire rival nbc s nightly news in the ratings war . nbc s 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to september 2009 and the drop comes two months after brian williams suspension . an nbc spokesperson said the network was pleased with substitute anchor lester holt s strong performance . switch also follows a change in how the numbers are crunched and nbc is now prevented from including repeat numbers from overnight replays .
sandro insists he does n t blame harry redknapp for qpr s struggles . redknapp left the premier league side in february citing knee problems . qpr midfielder claims it s not fair to blame his former boss .
suma underwent a thorough health examination on thursday to monitor the progress of her arthritis . melbourne zoo s aging orangutan was first diagnosed with the condition in 2013 . the 36 year old orangutan , who turns a year older in june , has arthritis in her hips and ankles . zoo vets took the opportunity to give suma a full check up including her ears , teeth and eyes .
alan davey controversially laid bare the difficulties of the station s top job . was asked about changes to classical music knowledge over 30 years . said modern audience might not be getting same education . . . in school .
another soldier received 411 , 000 because of psychological problems . mod said it was misleading to compare compensation scheme payouts .
patrick o melia flagged down by kelly boan after her brother took heroin . justin braddock was unconscious and it took seven minutes to revive him . the 34 year old had taken heroin and was taken to hospital by ambulance . but when officers arrived to question him , braddock tried to run away .
referee for the fight in las vegas will earn 10 , 000 6 , 800 . fight is expected to earn around 400m 273m in revenue . kenny bayless and tony weeks are leading candidates to referee .
anti vaccination group get rid of sids has had its charity status revoked . group was behind seminars with anti vaccine campaigner sherri tenpenny . the u . s . based speaker was set to speak across australia earlier this year . but dr tenpenny cancelled after she received threats and feared for safety .
sierra pippen was arrested sunday at around 1 . 30 am at a sheraton in iowa city near the campus of the university of iowa , where she attends classes . she was charged with public urination and public intoxication and was released on a 500 bond at about 10am . police officer who apprehended her said she accused me of being racist . scottie pippen , 49 , is a basketball hall of fame member , won six nba championships with the michael jordan led chicago bulls .
cristiano ronaldo scored five as real madrid defeated granada 9 1 . karim benzema scored a brace while gareth bale also found the net . barcelona beat celta vigo 1 0 courtesy of jeremy mathieu s diving header .
prairie dog deaths at picture canyon led to positive tests on fleas . residents warned about dangers to pets , especially cats . disease can wipe out 90 per cent of prairie dogs in a colony .
barry hawkins qualified for next round with 10 9 win over matthew selt . the 2013 finalist led 7 2 overnight however selt launched comeback . hawkins held on to win after selt reeled off five frames in a row .
senior australian islamic state commander stars in new propaganda clip . calls for attacks on australia as revenge for muslim strikes . you must start attacking before they attack you . propagandist al cambodi has been linked to anzac day terror plot . when are you going to rise up and attack them ? .
tate ricks was reportedly fishing with his grandmother s boyfriend in florida when boat was hit by wake in st johns river on saturday . the unidentified man tried to rescue the boy but was unable to , police said . the man made it to shore but ricks did not following the incident . incident is being investigated as boating accident no foul play suspected .
snp leader said ed miliband had allowed himself to be kicked around . the scottish first minister said the labour leader needed to be bolder . she said he had been pushed into ruling out a deal with the snp by the pm . ms sturgeon said the labour leader would change his mind after may 7 .
lu xincai says no one else can look after his 84 year old mother . she used to get lost after dark when she went to collect firewood . now she goes with him to work on the backseat of his motorbike . he ties her to him with a sash to make sure she does not fall off . she s now been given her own room at the bank where he works .
researchers in jerusalem found pregnancy helps regenerate tissue . suggest pregnancy could restore mother s muscles ability to regenerate . claim mice got youth serum injection from babies they were carrying .
the wildfire started in miami dade county on sunday . by monday night , it had grown to nearly 2 , 000 acres . the fire was 50 contained , officials said .
players in nba are able to vote in end of season awards for first time . lebron james asked who he would pick and says myself . 30 year old has impressed in first season back with cleveland cavaliers .
tiger woods drilled an iron into a tree root on the ninth hole at augusta . this is the latest of a string of unfortunate injuries for the 39 year old . woods ended the tournament tied for 17th , his best finish in over a year . read we ve seen enough of tiger at augusta not to give up on him yet . click here for all the masters 2015 reaction .
rafael nadal lost heavily to novak djokovic on clay in monte carlo . djokovic is world no 1 and tipped to challenge at roland garos . but nine time champion nadal says this year will be no different .
former manchester united boss says no one is close to world s top two . but sir alex ferguson suggests neymar will be the next to reach that level . ferguson was also full of praise for real madrid boss carlo ancelotti . ancelotti invited fergie s son darren to real madrid training early this year .
satyam computers services was at the center of a massive 1 . 6 billion fraud case in 2009 . the software services exporter s chairman , ramalinga raju , admitted inflating profits . satyam had been india s fourth largest software services provider .
shocking footage has emerged of a thief allegedly taking a donation box . cctv captures the woman bringing her vest over the anzac badges . the incident took place on wednesday at the caulfield rsl in melbourne . the video was posted on facebook in a bid to track down the women .
golf s first major of the season , the masters , tees off on thursday april 9 . rory mcilroy is bidding for a career grand slam while tiger woods is back . extreme weather conditions including high temperatures and storms have been forecast across the four day event in augusta . click here for all the latest news from the masters 2015 .
candlestick park , which has been home to the san francisco giants and san francisco 49ers , has been torn down . it opened in 1960 , and the last game was played there in december 2013 by the 49ers . the area is now set to become houses , a hotel and a shopping center . it is where the beatles played their last concert in 1966 . sir paul mccartney played the last concert at candlestick park on august 14 , 2014 .
samir nasri came on as a substitute as man city lost to crystal palace . frenchman dined at hakkasan restaurant with his girlfriend on tuesday . man city could use winger as bait to sign juventus star paul pogba . read manchester city to swoop for jack wilshere and jordan henderson . click here for the latest manchester city news .
andros townsend has praised tottenham hotspur team mate harry kane . townsend on england s new striker i have always said to people that he is the best finisher i have ever played with . england drew 1 1 in italy on tuesday night as townsend and kane starred .
almost 2 feet of ash fell in some areas . authorities evacuate 4 , 400 people . the last time calbuco erupted was 1972 .
luigi costa , 71 , is accused of killing his neighbour terrence freebody . costa allegedly stomped on his head , cut his throat and stabbed him multiple times in freebody s dining room in red hill , canberra on july 2012 . experts says costa suffered from dementia and alcohol abuse at the time . he also said there were signs of costa s decline in the lead up to incident .
tsa agreed to make changes after aclu filed official complaint . training will begin at los angeles international airport . tsa also told aclu the new training will stress race neutrality and will emphasize hair pat downs of african american female travelers . agency said they will also track down pat down complaints filed by african american women to assess if discrimination is occurring at specific airports . in 2012 solange knowles claimed she had been racially targeted for a pat down because she wore her hair in the afro style .
the crumbling st ivan rilski church is the only remaining evidence of the community of zapalnya , bulgaria . named after the patron saint of bulgaria , the stone structure cuts a ghostly figure in the zhrebchevo reservoir . the settlement and two other villages were wiped out when the land was submerged in 1965 .
patrons called police sunday night shortly after discovering no workers at the dunkin donuts on arundel mills boulevard in hanover . according to authorities , an officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area . police said palak bhadreskumar patel of hanover , died at the scene . they said the investigation revealed that her husband , bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel , hit her multiple times with an object and then fled .
lloris has established himself as one of the premier league s best keepers . with uncertainty over david de gea s future , united and psg are interested . lloris signed a five year deal with spurs last year . and daniel levy will put price tag on lloris to keep united and psg at bay .
psg travel to nou camp on tuesday with barcelona in command of the tie . luis suarez inspired barca to 3 1 win in paris . but zlatan ibrahimovic will return for second leg in spain . blanc says barca have incredible talent but his side have nothing to lose . read egotistic ibrahimovic will believe barcelona will be in awe of him .
arsenal risk missing out of chelsea s petr cech is they hesitate on move . cech looks set to leave stamford bridge after losing his no 1 spot . liverpool , psg , roma and inter milan are all also interested in cech . if the gunners do not make their move early , they could be beaten to him . chelsea are looking for a fee in excess of 10million for czech keeper .
mesut ozil missed three months because of injury this season . the german has returned in better form , and says injury helped him . ozil worked on his strength , and still does extra sessions after training .
sir oliver popplewell conducted the 1985 bradford fire public inquiry . the judge stands by original ruling that there was no evidence of arson . however , he said police should look at eight other allegedly linked fires . a new book claimed the tragic fire one one of nine at businesses linked to the then club chairman stafford heginbotham , who died in 1995 .
keanu reeves is a self confessed petrolhead and visited red bull . reeves says the whole process of formula one is much like hollywood . red bull currently preparing for chinese grand prix in shanghai . click here for all the latest formula one news .
arsenal host liverpool at the emirates stadium on saturday . this fixture has produced most hat tricks in premier league history . five trebles have been netted during liverpool against arsenal matches . robbie fowler twice , thierry henry , peter crouch and andrey arshavin have all scored three or more times in a single fixture .
in traustein , germany , hundreds of horse riders dressed in traditional costume take place in an easter parade . the processional , known as the georgiritt , sees participants head to a local church where they will be blessed . in central europe , men douse women with buckets of water as part of their easter monday celebrations .
spain were defeated 2 0 by holland at the amsterdam arena on tuesday . stefan de vrij and davy klaassen scored within four first half minutes . vicente del bosque said we ve been all over them . . . but we lacked a goal .
abdul hadi arwani was found dead in his car on tuesday in wembley . counter terrorism police were drafted in to lead investigation into death . a 46 year old man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder .
brian karl brimager , 37 , was indicted by a grand jury in san diego . is accused of murdering clothing designer yvonne lee baldelli in 2011 . allegedly dismembered her body and disposed of it in a military backpack . then engaged in an elaborate scheme to cover up the crime . sent emails from her account to make people think she was still alive . he has been in custody since june 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation .
the footage was captured on a warm day in bali , indonesia . tour guide cools monkey down by spraying it with water . monkey then picks up bottle and casually unscrews the lid . primate has drink and remarkably spills very little liquid .
the total eclipse lasted 4 minutes and 43 seconds . people west of the mississippi river had the best view in the u . s . . parts of south america , india , china and russia were able to see the eclipse .
the black eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft high on a flag pole outside philadelphia s cathedral basilica of saints peter and paul on tuesday . after a few hours , animal control officers were able to coax him down .
a kangaroo has been found hopping through a field in bruhl , germany . german police initially believed the report was an april fools day prank . after realising the caller was serious they found the beast in a nearby field . the owners later called police when the animal returned to it s enclosure . it is suspected that the it s fencing was damaged after severe storms .
up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down in the next decade alone . university of east anglia research says forest species at risk from industry . rising demand for rubber tyres for cars and planes driving deforestation .
southampton beat blackburn in final of premier league u21 cup . sam gallagher netted long range strike to win the tie for 10 man saints . matt targett own goal had levelled up ryan seager opener in normal time . over 12 , 000 fans turned up to watch saints win the cup at st mary s .
james faulkner joins lancashire as their overseas player for the summer . australian was named man of the match during world cup final win . he will join up with county side after indian premier league commitments .
veteran kenny bayless has been named the third man in the ring for the highly anticipated bout between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao . bayless has supervised countless high profile fights in las vegas before now , including several of both mayweather s and pacquiao s . he will celebrate his 65th birthday on may 4 , two days after the fight .
nancy perry wo n t teach again at dublin middle school after giving students her highly critical personal opinion of president barack obama . one student told his father , jimmie scott , who complained to the school and requested a parent teacher conference . she is the wife of a school board member and brought her husband along to parent teacher meeting . scott says that perry showed him what he described as propaganda and called the president a baby killer . a superintendent has said perry was already planning on retiring before the complaint about her behavior .
qantas released photos of koalas in first class being served refreshments . the 4 koalas are gifts for singapore marking their 50 year of independence . they will be travelling in specially built containers fit with eucalyptus tree . this special gift was announced by julie bishop on thursday .
around australia men and women flocked to play two up after attending dawn and memorial services on anzac day . the game dates back to australia s goldfields and the first recorded games took place in the late 1790s . two up is illegal on all days apart from anzac day as it is considered a form of gambling . versions vary between the original two coined game and three coined version . pennies are placed on a paddle and are thrown into the air for people to bet on heads or tails .
man charged with grievous bodily harm , deprivation of liberty and torture . victim suffered fractures , head injuries and burns to 15 per cent of body . in a surprising twist , victim claims to be suffering from amnesia . but police investigations uncover solid evidence to make an arrest . case to be heard at bundaberg magistrates court on monday .
hull s chief scout stan ternent has watched maciej rybus in russia . rybus is a poland international and plays for terek grozny . premier league rivals leicester and swansea are also interested . the 25 year old has one year left on contract and has 3 . 2 m release clause .
kamal criticised umpires decision to award controversial no ball against rohit sharma in india s world cup match with bangladesh . the bangladeshi president alleged india had used its influence in the icc . governing body asked him to withdraw his statement or apologise . but kamal confirmed his intention to step down .
kevin davies tweeted a photo of right hand cut in two places on tuesday . 38 year old has scored one goal all season for preston north end so far . davies was an unused substitute in their 3 0 win at bradford on monday .
marco verratti has hailed zlatan ibrahimovic for his off the field attitude . verratti reveals the swedish striker helps young players progress . paris saint germain face barcelona on tuesday night . blanc admits progressing against barcelona is practically impossible . read egotistic ibrahimovic will believe barcelona will be in awe of him .
police collated the four page dossier following an investigation in 1964 . the band were linked to the paedophile brothel in battersea , london . jimmy savile was known to attend the same london brothel in the 1970s . operation yewtree detectives have been busy examining the old files .
kimberly waddell macemore , 25 , of wilkesboro , south carolina , pleaded guilty on tuesday to having sexual relations with two 17 year old boys . she was a second year english teacher at west wilkes high school when she was arrested in may 2014 . the teacher had a casual sexual relationship with one young man , but had enjoyed a longer and more involved relationship with the other .
president spoke to the camera for 12 seconds , beginning in southern drawl . obama has previously said he is a fan of the show and its ruthless efficiency .
davy condon has been forced to retire due to a spinal injury . the irish jockey fell during this month s grand national at aintree . condon was advised to retire after seeing a specialist on wednesday .
investigators found photos of a young girl being sexually abused . fbi are trying to trace a man , who is not accused of carrying out abuse . he appears in image posing with the girl , but not abusing her . they want to find him to identify the girl and her abusers .
jutting was deemed fit to stand trial in november . faces life in prison if he is convicted of murder charges . jutting spoke twice , saying i do when asked if he understood charges . case was adjourned until may after prosecution asked for more time .
sutherland council is exploring idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach . cronulla and wanda beach are often ignored by tourists due to expenses . this motion was proposed due to the economic boost backpackers bring . seasoned travellers spend 700 on eating out and shopping during a stay . some locals believe it can not be done due to rising land values in cronulla .
patrick revins was caught selling heroin to an undercover police officer . bungling drug dealer was identified by p and r tattoos on his forehead . revins , 49 , had hidden small amounts of class a drug inside a kinder egg . he admitted one count of supplying heroin and was jailed for a year .
gary gardner confirms he ll report to aston villa for pre season training . the 22 year old is out on loan at championship side nottingham forest . tim sherwood is keen to asses gardner ahead of next season . the midfielder would prefer a move back to forest if villa does n t wok out . click here for all the latest aston villa news .
driver and vehicle licensing agency abolished paper tax disc last autumn . car tax now automatically cancelled whenever vehicle changes ownership . official figures show use of clamping soared from about 5 , 000 vehicles a month before the changes to well over 8 , 000 now . critics say many targeted are innocent drivers unaware of rule change .
floyd mayweather is widely considered the best boxer in the world . but he believes he is better than heavyweight legend muhammad ali . mayweather did admit that he respects both ali and sugar ray robinson . he takes on manny pacquiao on may 2 in their 300m mega fight . mayweather pacquiao weigh in will be first ever with paid for tickets .
analysis of martian weather seems to support the idea that the planet could be dotted with salty puddles at night . the finding has wider implications for efforts to find evidence of life on mars , a researcher says .
mike whitehead was standing for the tories in hull west and hessle . he resigned as a councillor last week in disgust at local party politics . the tories claim mr whitehead was sacked as a candidate last week . but nigel farage this morning insisted it was a hammer blow for cameron .
patrick bamford was crowned the championship player of the year . the starlet has scored 19 goals for middlesbrough this season . chelsea loaned bamford out and he dreams of wearing the blue shirt .
new survey found that audrey hepburn s moon river was most popular . other chart songs used as lullabies include vanilla ice s ice ice baby . pitbull , ed sheeran and sam smith also made the cut .
sir john chilcot s inquiry began in 2009 , stopped taking evidence in 2011 . his report has been repeatedly delayed but was expected after election . now source says findings may not become public until at least 2016 .
faysal mohamed , 17 , pulled over along with two friends in minneapolis . the teens managed to film threatening language used by officer rod webber . claim the officers trained their guns on the teenagers but let them go without charge .
louis van gaal has led manchester united into a great run of form of late . after their surge up the table , united have their sights on next year s title . edwin van der sar says van gaal can win trophies after united s drought .
we ve enjoyed some of the highest temperatures of the year this week . the range starts at 31 , 995 and the audi can cost as much as 50 , 000 . no matter how good , the new audi tt still has nothing on the 1999 model . with the sunshine beaming this week and some of the highest temperatures recorded so far this year , what better moment to splash out on the new third generation audi tt roadster . . i drove the fully stocked four wheel drive 2 litre tfsi in s line quattro trim with 230 bhp , which was adept at whipping around the cotswolds in style . . sure footed and fun to drive with lively acceleration that takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6 . 1 seconds up to a top speed electronically limited to 155 mph . . supportively cossetting sports seats leave you sitting comfortably at the wheel . . a nicely tuned exhaust pipe gives the tt roadster a most satisfying brrrm brrrm . . you wo n t break the bank at the filling station . . great wind in the hair motoring with a top that will come down in ten seconds at speeds of up to 31mph , and a more streamlined body . . it s easy to make a hands free phone call with the automatic three layer fabric hood down because microphones are embedded in the safety belt . . auto dim led headlights have been transferred across from the flagship audi a8 saloon . . if it ai n t broke , do n t fix it . . the car i drove cost well in excess of 50 , 000 . . the optional open top driving package includes head level heating to keep your bonce from getting chilly , an electrically operated wind deflector , which stops parky draughts whistling behind your neck , and handily heated super sports seats . . no matter how good , nothing will have the jaw dropping impact on the car market as the original audi tt of 1999 . . hefty prestige price tag . . these include an open top driving package 1 , 000 , rotorgrey fine nappa leather and super sports seats 1 , 390 , a comfort and sound package 1 , 590 , technology package 1 , 795 , electric front seats 995 , 19 in twin spoke alloy wheels 450 , metallic paint 545 , and led headlights 945 . .
siem de jong set up adam armstrong for winner in 2 1 aston villa win . it was his second game for u21s since surgery to repair collapsed lung . the 6m summer signing has only made one league start for newcastle .
james ritchie was voted into the job at the tasmanian university union with a clear majority over a female candidate more than three weeks ago . mounting public pressure and an online petition forced him to resign . no gender was specified in the union s job description guidelines . but the union has now introduced that the applicant must be a female .
the designer shared the snap to instagram on tuesday , her 39th birthday . she was reportedly furious after italian model ambra battilana , 22 , claimed weinstein had groped her during a meeting last month . on friday , the manhattan district attorney s office announced it would not be bringing charges against the millionaire producer .
bolton left back marc tierney is set to hang up his boots . the 29 year old has been forced into early retirement after failing to recover from a fractured ankle suffered against yeovil in september 2013 . he underwent a series of operations and received specialist advice .
bundles of notes spilled onto interstate 20 in albilene , texas , on friday . passenger door of vehicle flung open releasing the money onto the road . motorists pulled over and abandoned their vehicles to pick up the cash . police have warned anyone caught with the money will be arrested .
australian plus size model laura wells releases eco friendly swimwear . the swim range goes up to size 24 and is 100 per cent recyclable material . the prints australian ocean inspired designs and coral reef colours . the swimwear is a collaboration with us brand swim sexy .
noeleen foster snapped an image of a phallic cloud at work last friday . the mother of four took the pic in zuccolli , 25km southeast of darwin . last year another suggestively shaped cloud made waves in england .
kyle patrick loughlin was enrolled at bridgewater state university . on tuesday night he was arrested after reportedly admitting that he d molested two boy aged between four and five . police proceeded to search loughlin s dorm room where they allegedly found over 100 pairs of children s underwear and diapers . despite his admittance , loughlin pleaded not guilty in court on friday to counts of raping a child and aggravated indecent assault and battery . he will now be held without bail until a dangerousness hearing next week .
giant vegetable was grown in yunnan province by keen gardener mr li . the monster turnip measured an incredible 4ft long and weighed 33lbs . mr li said it was so big it had been nicknamed fat little girl in his village .
waheed ahmed , 21 , caught trying to cross the border into syria last week . the student is said to be a member of the extremist group hizb ut tahrir . he was arrested by turkish police at the border town of reyhanli .
cristiano ronaldo s practice shot flies into the crowd hitting young fan . ronaldo shows concern but continues his warm up until the final drill . portuguese icon wheels away to behind goal where the stricken fan stands . ballon d or holder takes off his training shirt and presents it to tearful boy . click here to see who ronaldo will be facing in the champions league .
trey moses , a kentucky high school student who has committed to ball state next year , surprised ellie meredith during her p . e . class on thursday . he asked her to prom with flowers and a sign reading let s party like it s 1989 a reference to an album by taylor swift , ellie s favorite singer . she accepted and is now looking forward to going dress shopping . moses works with teenagers with developmental disabilities through a volunteer program in louisville .
manchester united lost 3 0 at everton in the premier league on sunday . man united sit fourth in the premier league table with four games left . they are seven points clear of liverpool who have a game in hand . chris smalling manchester united must improve . van gaal i could tell the players attitude was not right during the warm up .
police arrested rebecca grant , 40 , for breaching bail conditions . found apparently intoxicated walking into traffic in limington , maine . resisting arrest , she scratched car with her teeth and bit upholstery . she also tried to head butt a deputy and threatened to kill him .
luka modric had to be replaced with a knee complaint on saturday . gareth bale suffered a calf strain early on at the bernabeu . bale will almost certainly miss the clash with atletico on wednesday . real madrid beat malaga 3 1 to keep up the pressure on leaders barcelona . carlo ancelotti s side face rivals atletico madrid on wednesday .
emerson decarvalho , 38 , is charged with assault with a deadly weapon . cyclist pounded on his window , screamed at him and pushed in his sideview mirror .
conor mcgregor believes floyd mayweather lacks skills other than boxing . ufc star claimed he would kill the boxer in less than 30 seconds . mcgregor takes on jose aldo for the featherweight title on july 11 . mayweather is preparing to take on manny pacquiao in two weeks time .
mr osborne was shown around the henry the hoover factory in chard . chancellor met his vacuum doppelganger at a campaign stop in somerset . tory minister was highlighting the government s apprenticeships drive .
tommy sheldon , aged five , died following horrific car fire in august 2014 . he died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns caused by the fire . his mother theresa has been charged with his murder following incident . also charged with attempted murder of another child who was also in car .
real madrid drew 0 0 at atletico in champions league quarter final first leg . superstars cristiano ronaldo and gareth bale both started for real . ronaldo was kept quiet and bale , though impressive , missed best chance .
earl arthur olander was found tied up and beaten to death in his own home . the 90 year old was a lifelong bachelor and lived alone in rural minnesota . police have offered a 1 , 000 reward for any information leading to an arrest . his neighbors and friends said he was loved by all within the community .
an artist apologizes for his lucille ball statue . in a public letter , the sculptor offers to pay for fixes to the statue . the mayor says he s not interested in having the original artist work on the statue .
new photos emerge of sir paul mccartney and heather mills 2002 wedding . but after tying the knot , sir paul s daughters looked decidedly glum . the pair were said to have been less than overjoyed at their father s partner . pictures and other memorabilia are to be auctioned for charity next month .
police were called to a dairy in east christchurch after reports of a robbery . man in a distinctive cartoon mask demanded cash from owner s daughter . police are appealing to the public for help in identifying the offender .
lisa mcelroy , 50 , who teaches legal writing at drexel university , reportedly sent the inappropriate message on march 31 . when recipients clicked the enclosed link , they were allegedly directed to a video of a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act . david lat a lawyer and legal commenter suggests that the professor could have been hacked or made a copy paste error . along with teaching law , mcelroy is also an accomplished author with a number of published biographies and children s books .
stephen taylor vanished in solent after leaving lee on solent yesterday . he was in touch with partner during day but he later failed to return home . she then called police and major air sea search mission was launched . sighting last night and a body awaiting formal id was found today .
spencer bell , 71 , ventured onto m1 motorway after man fell from a bridge . but as he tended the victim he was struck by car driven by iram shahzad . she had tried to avoid queue of traffic by veering into outside lane at speeds of up to 88mph . mrs shahzad , 32 , pleaded guilty to causing mr bell s death and received a suspended sentence .
phylise davis bowens , 42 , who attended bethune cookman university in daytona beach , florida has launched a lawsuit . she claims that she lost 16lb to try out for the dance troupe and was still not allowed by the band director after joining the college in 2009 . she is seeking unspecified damages from the college .
zoo weekly came under fire for their scandalous anzac day issue . the front cover featured a half naked model holding a red poppy . the department of veteran affairs said zoo could not use the word anzac . the word ca n t be used without permission for commercial purposes . social media users condemned the gross and offensive issue . zoo weekly has since removed all offending images from their websites .
newcastle face swansea at st james park on saturday afternoon . fans group ashleyout . com have asked supporters to stand in 34th minute . having a threadbare squad . . . yet having 34m in the bank not acceptable . there will also be peaceful protests outside sports direct stores at 12 . 30 .
right wrist of kim jong un pictured strapped up with white bandages . filmed while visiting a pyongyang weapons factory in impoverished nation . injury is latest evidence in a string of rumours about dictator s ill health .
locals had noticed the ground in the area was warmer than usual . experts ca n t get close enough to determine how deep the hole is . temperature measured at 792c from two metres away . thought to be caused by a coal seam spontaneously combusting .
barry wilmore and terry virts captured the footage on spacewalks . the astronauts were carrying out repair work on the space station . video captures incredibly clear images of the earth from 250 miles . spacewalks were in preparation for commercial spacecraft arrival .
manchester united lost 1 0 to chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday . juan mata played at chelsea for the first time since leaving the club . spaniard was proud of his side s display against the champions elect . mata congratulates chelsea as they close in on premier league title . read what has louis van gaal changed since utd sacked david moyes ? .
brendan rodgers picks steven gerrard to start fa cup semi final . the 34 year old has served his three match ban after seeing red last month against manchester united . gerrard has been in and out of the liverpool side this season .
nondescript semi detached home for sale in horfield , bristol , is an unlikely collector s paradise . house has gone untouched for more than 80 years and comes complete with stain glass windows . the timewarp home also boasts oil fired central heating and comes with original bathroom and kitchen .
theresa dybalski , of lakawanna , new york , was given the lottery ticket inside a birthday card from a friend . her friend who gave her the card died shorty after she won . she received a lump sum payment of 522 , 822 after taxes last month . dybalski plans on sharing the money with her and her friend s family and plans to address a couple issues around the house .
powers appeared in the final season of the long running sitcom . he played the husband of main character thelma . powers died april 6 at his home in new bedford , massachusetts at the age of 64 . .
sophie thomas attends clermont northeastern middle school in batavia . she wore a black shirt bearing word for school picture day back in march . when students got photos this week , word was removed with photoshop . administrators said they asked to remove word , a claim thomas disputes .
united arab emirates are interested in hosting the 2021 tournament . rugby league world cup has only been held in major countries australia , new zealand , france and great britain . middle east country has the facilities , as well as the financial backing and infrastructure claims sol mokdad , the president of uaerl .
tillman spent 12 years in chicago but the new team management did not declare an interest to retain his services . a staple of lovie smith s stingy defense , he will again link up with ron rivera , whowas the bears defensive co ordinator between 2004 06 . tillman holds a number of franchise records and the forced fumble specialist joins sean mcdermott s scheme . he has also been honoured for his work in the community and won the 2014 walter payton man of the year award .
binmen refused to empty bin because it had empty crisp packet on lid . they also left bin full because there was a scrap of cellophane on top . enraged residents have branded waste collection squads as little hitlers .
p ! nk took to twitter to address online comments about her body . her squishiness is a result of happiness , she says .
farryn johnson was fired from a hooters in 2013 . she has claimed that a supervisor at the time had an issue with her getting blonde highlights . johnson has alleged she was given reduced shifts , written warnings and later terminated . she is now set to receive 250 , 000 covering both legal fees and lost wages from an arbitration ruling . hooters has said her claims of discrimination are simply without merit . the company has said johnson s lawyers are actually getting 244 , 000 , while johnson herself is getting around 12 , 000 .
west ham have signed a new kit deal with umbro starting next season . they join everton and hull in wearing umbro strips in premier league . hammers wore umbro kits during their glory days in the sixties . they were last sponsored by the sports brand between 2007 and 2010 .
shiba the dog has been trained to open a window with his nose and paw . visitors have travelled from as far away as britain and taiwan to see him . tourists offer snacks and pose for selfies with the internet sensation . a youtube video featuring his skills has more than two million views . shiba can often be found napping in a display case under the counter .
john daniel tohill , 37 , was last heard from by his family in 2005 . his brother tobias received a call from him on tuesday evening . his family has hired investigators and police to track him down . john will visit his family , in particlar his ailing father , in coming weeks .
greater manchester police chadderton warn of wasting valuable time . the 44 year old man had recently arrived back to the uk from algeria . wasting police time could result in six month imprisonment and or a fine .
thousands were left stranded at central london station during rush hour . crucial section of track between wimbledon and surbiton was closed . south west trains warned passengers of cancellations on all services . network rail said staff were working flat out to fix the situation .
andy murray and long time girlfriend kim sears will tie the knot in the scottish town of dunblane on saturday . the british no 1 and his partner met when they were teenagers at the us open in new york in 2005 . murray and sears confirmed their engagement last november after more than nine years together .
qantas on time rating slipped to 75th out of the 80 airlines using heathrow . the airline could loose their eight landing strips at the popular airport . they are also facing a fine in excess of 38 , 000 for every flight that s late . qantas blamed air congestion at heathrow and dubai airports .
passer by saw thief trying to drive honda from car wash in georgia . female owner had jumped on the bonnet but teenage thief was driving off . good samaritan shot suspect in the shoulder , hailed for saving woman s life . suspect recovering in hospital , police hunting for three alleged accomplices .
mark faville , of christiansburg , virginia , was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife anne , who died in 2000 , on friday . it was initially believed she choked to death , but a new autopsy determined she had been suffocated in a homicidal manner . the couple s two adult daughters testified against their father during the trial , noting his odd behavior . as he was led away , deputies began yelling , with one saying drop it , drop it . the courthouse was placed on lockdown , and faville was later found dead of a self inflicted wound . it is not known what he used as deputies do not carry guns .
tony pulis side beat crystal palace 2 0 on saturday at crystal palace . james morrison and craig gardner fired in the goals at selhurst park . victory moved west brom up to 13th in the premier league . on 36 points , the baggies are currently eight clear of the relegation zone .
aston villa have held talks over cordoba striker florin andone . the premier league club could sign the striker for as little as 2 . 5 million . cordoba are poised for la liga relegation and need to raise funds .
researchers in usa , canada and germany analyzed 6 , 100 responses . found men were more likely than women to say ends justify the means . whichever way they decided , women also found the decisions harder . scientists speculated it is because women s reasoning is more emotional .
david de gea and victor valdes enjoyed an afternoon off at a theme park . spanish duo donned shades as they made the most of the rare sunshine . it has certainly been a rollercoaster season for manchester united . united are third in the premier league after an impressive recent run .
extremely rich german woman s taxi was stuck in traffic as thieves struck . they smashed rear window of vehicle before running away with handbag . the victim says one of the stolen rings was worth close to 1million alone . claimed she was on her way to loan some of the items to museum in paris .
the world no 1 defeated tomas berdych 7 5 , 4 6 , 6 3 in monte carlo . novak djokovic is first player to win opening three masters 1000 events . serbia star defeated clay court specialist rafael nadal in semi finals .
tiger woods and rory mcilroy will both play at next week s masters . augusta favourite mcilroy looked up to woods when he was a child . new nike advert shows portrays a young mcilroy s rise to the top . woods has won four green jackets , the last of which came in 2005 . mcilroy is looking for his fifth major win to complete a career grand slam .
peter crouch analysed charlie adam s robot celebration against chelsea . the midfielder scored from his own half at stamford bridge on saturday . adam followed his goal with a light hearted ode to his stoke team mate . the scot was asked to perform the act by sky s soccer am presenters . crouch made the celebration famous whilst playing for england in 2006 .
wales climbed to 22nd place in the recent fifa world rankings . england are currently 14th the current standings . chris coleman s side are unbeaten in euro 2016 qualifying . aaron ramsey s side face belgium in crucial clash in june .
mitchell keenan and his father keith were evicted from their family home . they were forced to live in a tent during the winter on a local hill . mr keenan s toes turned black with frostbite and they were amputated . warning graphic content .
romanian club ceahlaul piatra neamt sacked ze maria on wednesday . but the former brazil international was reinstated the next day . he was then sacked again following a defeat on saturday .
casey levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son sam to eat a california roll with a 10 prize up for grabs . footage shows the youngster stepping up to the challenge but backing down after a minute s hesitation and running off to be sick . after sam s ruled out of the game , his younger sister charlie confidently steps up to the mark . with 10 in her pocket she gives her father a celebratory a high five .
jose mourinho said he is proud to work with underprivileged people . he claimed that he never discusses footballing issues with his wife . in a wide ranging interview he said he is a deeply religious person . he also claims that he is essentially a very good person despite his antics .
dominika petrinova glued naked boyfriend to a chair as painful revenge . erik meldik cried as he tried to free his genitals from the waxing strips . eventually he had to rip himself off the chair leaving behind hair and skin . prank came after he claimed ms petrinova s dog was in washing machine .
arsene wenger called for the competition to be scrapped last year . and jose mourinho is in agreement with his great premier league rival . the chelsea boss said wenger is against the ballon d or , and he s right . they are seven points ahead of arsenal with a game in hand . mourinho i have a problem , i am getting better and better .
bayern munich beat porto 6 1 at the allianz arena on tuesday night . result gave them a 7 4 aggregate victory in champions league last eight . bayern manager pep guardiola hailed his players after the match . read luis enrique happy to see pep guardiola prove doubters wrong .
student is no longer on duke university campus and will face disciplinary review . school officials identified student during investigation and the person admitted to hanging the noose , duke says . the noose , made of rope , was discovered on campus about 2 a . m . .
the iconic 1980s vehicle was being transported between stoke and crewe . police stopped the the car on suspicion of having a leaky flux capacitor . the car s owner joined the fun asking the police for directions to 1985 . the movie trilogy starring michael j fox made 750 million in the 1980s .
yassir ali , 29 , flew through red lights during the two minute chase . ali was pulled over by police who suspected that his bmw was stolen . ali , of no fixed abode , sped off on a two minute long car chase . he crashed the bmw into a bollard in front of a shop and was arrested .
the findings , in the journal of the american medical association , are based on a study of about 95 , 000 young people . some children in the study had elder siblings with autism . but researchers found vaccines had no effect on autism risk , whether or not a sibling in the family was diagnosed .
shocking video captured at the sunoco on north 5th street in philadelphia . five attackers stream out of a minivan and target the helpless 51 year old . after beating him to the ground , they continue to stamp on his head . two alleged attackers have been charged with attempted murder . police are still searching for the other suspects involved in the attack .
bayern munich beat porto 6 1 in their champions league tie on tuesday . result saw bayern win quarter final encounter 7 4 on aggregate . it was the first time porto had reached that stage since the 2008 09 season .
headmaster peter tait claimed parents should trust their child s educators . excessive interference could harm their children s development , he said . he made the comments for article in preparatory school magazine attain .
cross dressing bankrobber entered u . s . bank in santa cruz on friday . cashier handed over money after being handed a note making demands . man wearing the exact same outfit was seen acting suspiciously outside a different bank an hour earlier .
boko haram has killed thousands in the nation s northeast since 2009 . aid agencies are scrambling to provide the refugees with clean water , shelter , food and education .
man , 47 , faces 145 child exploitation offences after targeting kids online . warwick man is accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states . victims could be as far as wa , as well as in victoria , qld and nsw . he allegedly used social media to prey on children under the age of 16 . in some cases he allegedly arranged meetings to physically abuse them . he is also accused of forcing them to make child pornography .
car park will be next to battersea heliport so sheik can fly in . will feature two basement floors and six levels above ground . neighbours worried about volume of traffic it will bring to area . they say his enormous wealth should not be put before local needs .
chelsea lead manchester city by six points at the premier league summit . oscar scored in brazil s recent 3 1 victory against france . juventus scouts were present in paris to watch oscar in action .
subjects taking acetaminophen reacted less strongly to both pleasant and unpleasant photos . each week , 52 million americans use the pain reliever . unknown whether other pain products produce the same effect .
an ocean photographer has captured the unique and surreal moment ocean foam hits the sand . surfer lloyd meudell formed a severe photography obsession after buying a gopro two years ago . he now shoots on a eos 5d mark iii dslr and uses numerous lenses but does not reveal his secrets . the foam surrealism pieces are shot on the south coast of nsw at kiama beach through to gerrigong . mr meudell s shots draw from works of surrealism such as salvador dali and appear very dream like .
david de gea has been linked with a move to real madrid in the summer . manchester united have offered the goalkeeper 200 , 000 a week to stay . if he signs , he will become the world s best paid goalkeeper . louis van gaal admitted on friday that the club have offered him a lot .
deva joseph hit problems when she could n t fit handbag inside suitcase . 14 year old left in floods of tears after flight to spain left without her . offered to pay for bag to go in hold but was told she needed a credit card . easyjet said it should have made an exception to policy of accepting cash .
usa face italy in a fed cup world play off in brindisi . world no 1 serena williams defeated camila giorgi 7 5 , 6 2 . lauren davies will play sara errani in the second singles match .
jesse norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re election . election candidates banned from providing food in bid to win votes . west mercia police confirm they are investigating the allegation .
nasr bitar spotted google street view car driving around last autumn . decided it was his time to shine with it so followed in his car to get a selfie . sensing the perfect moment , he got out and took the snap in mississauga . picture of nasr s selfie and the street view image shared 2 . 9 million times .
donor , josh dall leighton said maine medical center officials informed them it has concerns about amount of money raised for them . christine royles , 24 , who has kidney failure , organized fundraisers to reimburse dall leighton for unpaid time away from work . online fund has ballooned to more than 40 , 000 . royles painted an appeal for a donor on the rear window of her car .
his vehicle struck mailbox as it was approaching a curve near cartersville . burns helped found the southern hard rock band in jacksonville , florida . played on hit songs like sweet home alabama , simple man and free bird . cartersville is about 125 miles away from macon , where duane allman died . after 1971 death of allman brothers guitarist , skynrd dedicated free bird . three other band members were previously killed in a plane crash in 1977 .
belgium striker divock origi signed for liverpool for 10m last summer . origi was then loaned back to french side lille for the whole of this season . the 20 year old has been in contact with simon mignolet about liverpool . national team mate mignolet has been giving origi advice about the city . members of the management have also messaged origi throughout season .
scott dann was a fraction offside when he set up glenn murray . assistant john brooks was spot on with two close calls in same move . crystal palace beat manchester city 2 1 in premier league on monday .
leo greene , 39 , of salt lake city crashed through airport fence on monday . police tried to stop the car with its bumper hanging before the chase . greene was asked for his keys when he drove off and crashed into fences . he jumped out of his car and ran to a shed before being forced to ground . greene faces multiple charges including driving under the influence , fleeing and resisting he is also also being booked for property damage . fence damages are estimated at 4 , 500 .
plane was flying from guangzhou , china to addis ababa , ethiopia . boeing 777 300er was forced to land in mumbai the first time to refuel . it departed but had to return due to engine trouble , indian media reported . passengers disembarked and were transferred to a hotel . what should have been a 10 hour flight turned into a day long delay . ethiopian was recently named one of the world s most reliable carriers .
the public texas university first balked at disclosing the actor s fee but has since caved , saying a confidentiality agreement is no longer binding . actor s jk livin foundation provides tools to help high school students lead active lives and make healthy choices for the future .
newcastle fans angered after club dump pictures of sir bobby robson . sir bobby s side finished fourth and qualified for the champions league back in 2001 2002 in what was one of their most successful seasons . supporters are upset over a lack of respect to their former manager . alan shearer , nolberto solano and gary speed are included in the photos . click here for all the latest newcastle united news .
wladimir klitschko faces bryant jennings in new york on saturday night . tyson fury hopes his next fight will be against klitschko in september . british heavyweight champion convinced he can take the wbo title .
authorities searching for other potential victims of william frankie dugan , 29 , and 32 year old valerie ojo .
police raided surgery on alderney as part of investigation into patient deaths . health and social services department alerted force to their concerns . a doctor has been excluded from treating patients but no arrests made yet . anyone with concerns urged to contact staff at mignot memorial hospital .
robin thomas , of jonesboro , arkansas , says that he failed to find love with online dating sites . the sign reads , looking for a date ? . the retired cook is looking for a down to earth woman who s at least 28 . thomas says his kids , aged six to 11 , think the advertisement is cute .
jessica ennis hill will compete at the anniversary games in july . olympic gold medallist has not been in action since 2013 . her return could set up showdown against katarina johnson thompson .
customers in all areas of the plane will be able to share one selfie shot on facebook . mood lighting introduced throughout plane that is designed to help people with time zone differences . full length bathroom mirror , again in all areas of the plane , can help you keep looking your best .
porche wright , 27 , is accused of setting her seven year old daughter on fire over the weekend . the child survived but suffers from serious burns . wright was charged with attempted murder and in the past has been charged with prostitution , disorderly conduct , and domestic violence . neighbors say they often heard wright yelling at her daughter .
at apo island , this green sea turtle unexpected appeared in group s photo . as the snorkellers posed , the turtle surfaced to breathe and photo bombed . the area is a feeding ground and well known marine protection site .
ex soldier riki hughes , 31 , was the club secretary at tidworth town fc . he set up fake bank account in the name of the team s landlord and siphoned off at least 17 , 000 . jailed for 16 months after spending the cash on camping gear and holiday .
manchester united midfielder picks wayne rooney as his best finisher . michael carrick crowned the best passer to have played alongside him . phil jagielka named as the toughest tackler belgian has faced .
david lynch says he wo n t be directing new episodes of twin peaks . showtime saddened over decision , which involved a dispute over money .
an april fools day prank involving fireworks resulted in an apartment fire near the grand valley state university in michigan . a girl allegedly threw a lit firework at a roommate , which landed in a laundry hamper , and set the contents on fire . no one was hurt and the girl is not expected to face charges .
dr adam cobb , 45 , was arrested in portsmouth , new hampshire on friday . he allegedly uploaded images of child pornography to tumblr website . the 45 year old held senior military and government roles in australia . he was in the us working as a research professor and director at the prestigious us naval war college in rhode island . if convicted of the child pornography charges he faces 20 years jail .
u . s . army staff sgt . julian mcdonald of columbus , ohio has adopted a 4 year old dog named layka who protected him in afghanistan . despite being injured in 2012 , layka completed the mission with her team and her wounds were treated upon her return to safe territory . she was the sole reason why i was living and breathing and able to come home to my son and wife , said mcdonald of his four legged partner .
a store in pittsburgh , pennsylvania is charging women 76 per cent of what they charge men , reflecting the local pay gap . owner elana schlenker says she hopes the project , called less than 100 , draws attention to wage inequality . she plans to travel with the shop and will open up in new orleans , louisiana , this fall .
the proposal has been put forward by experts at nhs health scotland . they say more must be done to tackle alcohol problem with young people . the move would apply in pubs , clubs , supermarkets and off licences .
juventus reach final without carlos tevez , paul pogba and andrea pirlo . the old lady raced into 3 0 lead thanks to goals by alessandro matri , roberto pereyra and leonardo bonucci . alvaro morata was sent off for innocuous tackle on alessandro diamanti . juventus will face either napoli or lazio in coppa italia final .
a texas a m galveston professor said in an email to students he would fail the entire class . university officials wo n t necessarily stand by failing grades , cnn affiliate kprc reports .
a jacket and full skirt ensemble worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie has fetched 137 , 000 at auction . the has faded over time from its original slate blue gray color to become light gray . private collection james tumblin learned that the dress was about to be thrown out in the 1960s and negotiated a deal to buy it for 20 . other top selling items from the auction were a straw hat worn by leigh that sold for 52 , 500 .
a circus worker was seen walking a lion around a village like a dog . the animal was seen being pulled by a makeshift leash in namtsy , siberia . it savaged a nine year old girl in the village , on her way home from lessons . girl is in hospital and the extent of her injuries from the attack not known .
marco evaristti poured red fruit dye into the strokkur geysir at dawn . when the hot spring boiled , bright pink steam erupted from the ground . the chilean artist has been jailed for 15 days by disgusted authorities . he defended the artwork saying nature belongs to no one .
season s first major , the masters , tees off thursday april 9 at augusta . ian poulter forgot to bring his clubs ahead of his practice round . tiger woods children will carry his bag during par three tournament . henrik stenson played down his chances after coming down with flu .
vin los , 24 , poses in boxer briefs for underwear brand gar on model . the montreal native has a selection of words tattooed on his face , neck , and body that look like they were scrawled on with a sharpie . vin s goal is to be the most famous man on earth and he insists that his body art embodies pop culture .
chris ramsey praises tony pulis as one of the best coaches in britain . the queens park rangers boss says he wo n t be asking for his advice . qpr travel to west brom on saturday in crucial relegation clash . click here for all the latest qpr news .
inter milan are keen to sign manchester city midfielder yaya toure . the ivorian is open to a move if the right challenge presents itself . toure insists that he will not remain at city just to pick up his wages . the 31 year old could be sold by city as they look to reshape their squad . read manuel pellegrini is weak , says yaya toure s agent .
father damian maria montes stunned viewers with his version of angels . priest , 29 , of madrid , said he once hoped to become a professional singer . but before chasing dream he turned to the church to make sense of life .
teenagers are currently in police custody at a west midlands police station . police said their arrests were pre planned and there was no risk to public . a 39 year old man is being held on suspicion of fundraising for terrorists . west midlands counter terrorism unit appealed for help identifying jihadis .
ashley young admits house sub genre is louis van gaal s choice of music . man utd boss bans any other form of music on match days . olly murs and young were speaking to mutv on thursday focus show . manchester united face trip to everton in the premier league this sunday . read memphis depay holds secret meeting with manchester united .
bilby numbers are dropping with only around 600 left in queensland . the native marsupial once occupied 70 per cent of the australian mainland . now , they have disappeared from around 80 per cent of that area . introduced predators like feral cats and foxes are their biggest threat . controlled breeding programs are in place to try and save the easter icon .
leto will play the clown prince of crime in 2016 s suicide squad . the first picture of leto in character led to a series of spoof photos .
david silva has returned to training after being caught in the face by an elbow from west ham midfielder cheikhou kouyate . manchester city star required extensive treatment on the pitch before being sent to hospital where tests revealed no fracture . premier league champions face aston villa at the etihad on saturday .
ozzie the goose has been given a new leg manufactured using a 3d printer . he broke his leg and had it amputated before being nursed back to health . but he was unable to fly and struggling for self confidence after operation . rescuer sue burger made an appeal on public radio for help with ozzie . tech company bunnycorp stepped in to 3d print him a new prosthetic limb .
the university said thursday that they have identified an undergraduate student responsible for hanging a noose from a campus tree . however , officials at the durham , north carolina school have not named the student , citing federal education laws . an official at duke told daily mail online that the student will now face judgement by a panel of peers and faculty members . the student is not currently on campus , but officials would not say if he or she had been kicked off .
manchester united have shown interest in signing edinson cavani . psg striker has been out of favour at times in paris this season . cavani bounced back to score in 4 0 win over bastia in league cup final . psg owner says the question of his departure has not arisen .
al taqwa college principal banned female students from running . former teachers claim believes it will cause them to lose their virginity . students wrote a letter asking omar hallak saying it was unfair . asked him to let them compete in cross country they had been training for .
james krainich was almost two when he toppled from second floor window . mother michelle newman heard a pop and then saw his heels disappear . james died in hospital nine years ago after losing consciousness from fall . his family play games at his grave every year and hope their story will be a warning to other parents about dangers of putting furniture near windows .
dayna dobias , 19 , has created a video in which she dances despite having a disability that makes it difficult for her to walk . she loves tv , film and fashion , and says she s not happy with how people with disabilities are represented . the teen has created several videos during the past year aimed at changing stereotypes .
joe root hit 118 not out to help england into a 74 run lead on day three . it was the yorkshireman s sixth test century . captain alastair cook scored 76 in a century stand with jonathan trott 59 .
national front leader named as one of time s 100 most influential . marine le pen said it shows her brand of politics is getting attention . le pen , 46 , has tried to rid party of its extreme right wing past .
health apps such as myfitnesspal fuel anxiety says senior gp . dr des spence calls the health apps untested and unscientific . defenders of apps say they are encouraging healthy behaviour .
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 1 0 in the bundesliga on saturday . robert lewandowski opened the scoring vs his former club on 36 minutes . dortmund applied much of the second half pressure but were kept at bay . bayern restored their 10 point lead at the top of the bundesliga .
mai zizhou has been trained to play basketball since 2 . 5 years old . video shows him shooting the hoops and dribbling two basketballs . his incredible skills have won him legions of fans around china .
golden state warriors beat portland trail blazers 116 105 on thursday . stephen curry broke his three point record for a total nba season . curry hit eight three s to surpass his previous best of 272 three pointers . miami heat lost 78 89 vs chicago bulls in the eastern conference .
the 40 year old s son cooper blue and daughter kingsley rainbow were born on monday . dylan and her husband paul arrouet married in 2011 .
rowing team at washington university attacked by flying carp . member of the team caught the attack on video .
angela maxwell returned to coningsby community hall yesterday morning . the 67 year old and her husband won 53million in last week s lottery . couple said they planned to spend money on a new minibus for local oaps . mrs maxwell volunteers for the council preparing meals for pensioners . she returned to the lunchtime club yesterday morning despite the windfall .
wcco this morning reporter ashley roberts , who lives and works in minnesota , was proposed to by boyfriend justin mccray . the florida native was shocked to see her now fianc appear in the studio during a segment on wedding costs .
he said some values in certain communities were totally unacceptable . comments come after sexual abuse by asian men revealed in parts of uk . javid said political correctness should not be a barrier to stopping abuse .
xabi alonso has been in fine form for bayern munich . robert lewandowski ensured bayern beat dortmund on saturday . pep guardiola s side are top of the bundesliga by 10 points .
nikola karabatic was among group of players banned after betting on a montpellier club match two years ago . former olympic champion will plead not guilty at trial in next few months . france s biggest handball star now plays for barcelona in spanish league .
scientists quizzed more than 5 , 000 teenagers about their drinking habits . also the films they watched , including bridget jones diary and aviator . those who watched most films featuring characters drinking alcohol were 20 more likely to have tried alcohol and 70 more likely to binge drink . researchers have called for films to be rated by alcohol content .
filipe luis signed for chelsea from atletico madrid for 16million . the defender insists he wants to stay despite interest from former club . brazilian has struggled to make the left back position his own this season .
chad pregracke was the 2013 cnn hero of the year . mike rowe visited pregracke for an episode of somebody s got ta do it .
choc on choc s chocolates come in three different flavours . the face of each politician is emblazoned on milk belgium chocolate bars . cameron s has blueberries , clegg is honeycomb and miliband is raspberry .
pictures show the laugh out loud moment loved up tortoise takes a tumble . photographed at kiev zoo , he falls flat on his back while trying to mate . there are no second chances for the reptile who is left all alone in the mud .
militants in yemen fired on saudi border troops in saudi arabia s asir region , media outlet says . rebels have taken yemen s presidential palace in aden , sources say . u . s . warships are patrolling off yemen in search of suspicious shipping , a u . s . defense official says .
juventus were awarded penalty fouling foul on striker alvaro morata . however , replays suggest ricardo carvalho fouled striker outside the area . the serie a champions claimed a 1 0 win thanks to arturo vidal s penalty .
the clip , which was created by the daily share , compares near identical products for men and women and highlights the price differences . according to the creators of the video , california is one of the few states to have put a ban on gender pricing discrimination .
jamie peacock scored two tries for leeds in their win over salford . the victory is the super league leaders 20th in a row over the red devils . the rhinos have now won their last five matches on the bounce .
deshawn isabelle allegedly punched the woman in the head and dragged her to the ground by her hair before repeatedly beating her in chicago train . isabelle stole 2 , 000 of the woman s cash and her iphone , prosecutors said . teen allegedly spent the money on junk food and air jordan track suits . woman suffered a concussion and cuts and bruises all over her body . . isabelle confessed to robbing , beating and sexually assaulting the woman on the cta after his mother turned him in , according to prosecutors .
phenomenon formed of two separate double rainbows snapped on tuesday . fashion entrepreneur amanda curtis saw it at glen cove lirr station .
juan mata scored both times as manchester united beat liverpool 2 1 . he also impressed as united emphatically beat tottenham 3 0 at home . mata thanked his fans after becoming united s player of the month .
goalkicking winger josh mantellato dominated the scoring in bradford . rovers twice came came from behind against the championship side . hull kr blew out the scoreline with five tries in the final 18 minutes .
st . louis blues forward ryan reaves was checked into the glass on sunday by chicago blackhawks defenseman brent seabrook . he went to the bench after the play and calmly pulled his tooth out . st . louis won the game 2 1 , putting them at the top of the central division .
a woman was allegedly kidnapped thursday in a loveland parking lot . police said the woman told them she was forced into her car by a man . in a 911 call , the woman claimed to have been kidnapped at gunpoint . after driving him to estes park , the woman said she d been locked into her trunk by the man , police said . she was able to use her cell phone and contact authorities . officers got the woman out after finding her car keys . a suspect has n t been found , authorities said .
bradley dew was drinking with his deaf friend at pub in faversham in kent . he later stole his friend s mobile and hit him in the face to steal 10 . dew fled , hiding from police in toilets of a pub close to his friend s house . the 26 year old was jailed for two years and labelled a bully by police .
worrying incident happened at tashkent airport in uzbekistan . front windscreen of bus is shattered by impact with plane s engine . unknown if there were any injured parties or cost of damage .
david worrall scored a 74th minute free kick after a foul by adam el abd . southend united leapfrog bury to fourth place in league two . the initial fixture was postponed because of heavy rain . the shrimpers are behind third placed wycombe only on goal difference .
thomas brock , 30 , was fatally shot following alleged road rage incident . police say he was followed to his home where he fought with another man . the man left but returned soon after with a gun and shot him , police claim . jacob and steven rodriguez have both been charged with capital murder .
wayne rooney insists his side can take great confidence from defeat . louis van gaal echoed his captain s thoughts by hailing display . eden hazard scored winner during match in which united dominated .
chelsea youth striker dominic solanke scored a double against roma . the 4 0 win sees chelsea u19s progress to the uefa youth league final . adi viveash s youngsters will take on shakhtar donetsk in the final .
eden hazard starred as chelsea earned a hard fought victory over stoke . captain john terry described the winger as one of the world s best players . hazard sent blues on their way to victory when he slotted home a penalty . belgian international also grabbed an assist for loic remy to bag a winner .
michael j from michigan filmed his 11 month old daughter leighton in floods of tears . footage shows her immediately cheering up when she s handed a french fry to lure over the family pup , zayla .
gloucester are in danger of being given a points deduction by the rfu . the aviva premiership side played mariano galarza against sale sharks . the lock was ineligible to feature so they will now face a panel hearing .
british officers forced to accept four day inspection from moscow experts . uk and 11 other nato countries set to contribute to the naval exercise . will involve 58 warships and submarines , 50 aircraft and 3 , 000 land forces .
indian batsman joins division one champions until end of may . yorkshire cancelled the contract to pakistan batsman younis khan . khan instead wants to be part of pakistan s tour of bangladesh . aaron finch will join yorkshire after the indian premier league .
camel racing is a centuries old tradition in the gulf . modern technology is changing the sport . camels compete for thousands of dollars in prize money .
ian bell s deal will keep him at the club until the end of the 2017 season . bell signed his first contract with warwickshire in 1999 . the england batsman has played 105 test matches for his country . he has scored 48 centuries in 246 first class matches .
chris smalling joins twitter just days before the manchester derby . the 25 year old posted a photo of himself and his girlfriend sam cooke . smalling could return for the clash after missing the win over aston villa . read manchester united players train ahead of sunday s big derby . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
bezos , who is worth 34 . 7 billion , wandered in the campo de fiori in rome with family and a security guard on tuesday . the amazon ceo was seen snapping pictures with his amazon phone of the market stalls .
barcelona president josep maria bartomeu praises leader lionel messi . bartomeu reveals messi will always have a place at barca . messi scored his 400th career goal for barca last weekend . click here for all the latest barcelona news .
angela collins and margaret elizabeth hanson of port hope , ontario , decided to use xytex corp to start a family in 2006 . the atlanta based firm said their donor had a bachelors degree . added that he was mature beyond his age and an eloquent speaker . they then found out the donor was james christian aggeles . he was once arrested for burglary and served eight months in jail . pair are concerned for the child s health because of his medical history . aggeles has 20 children from his sperm around the country .
alison saunders , director of public prosecutions , facing furious backlash . criticism over her decision to spare former mp lord janner from the dock . janner not charged despite 22 allegations of offences against nine victims . campaigners , police and mps have accused her of ignoring victims rights .
trading standards officials in buckinghamshire and surrey raised alarm . officers said they were likely to contravene food imitation safety rules . the eggs bear a striking similarity to the sugar coated chocolate treats .
john bramblitt developed epilepsy aged 11 and went blind when he was 30 . after going blind , bramblitt began creating the most amazing artworks . some of his art features scenes and people he has never seen before . despite being blind , his art is highly accurate and incredibly vibrant .
eden hazard scored the opening goal for chelsea against manchester united . at the start of the preceding move , john terry brought down radamel falcao . sky sports pundits agreed that play should have been stopped . thierry henry , graeme souness and jamie redknapp analysed at half time .
kayahan wrote some of turkey s best loved pop songs . the singer was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990 . he most recently performed in february in istanbul .
xavier morales , 48 , allegedly told the woman he loved her while they attended a party and then tried to kiss her later that night in the office . the woman alleged morales did not relent until a brief struggle . the party was celebrating morales new assignment to head the louisville secret service field office , considered a stepping stone in the agency . morales had to turn in his gun and badge and lost his security clearance . he was a manager in the security clearance division and decided which agents lost their jobs because of misconduct .
manuel pellegrini has played down the form of manchester united . he feels united were always expected to do well given their transfers . pellegrini is hoping to end a terrible run of form with manchester city . city have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions . the two manchester sides meet in the league on sunday at old trafford .
mils muliaina came off injured during connacht s visit to gloucester . the 34 year old world cup winner was arrested by police after the game . muliaina was held in cells overnight and questioned by officers in cardiff . he denies assault allegations over alleged incident last month .
usually eat vegetables from spain and south america at this time of year . but recent temperatures have led to english tomatoes sprouting early . strawberries and raspberries also on shelves already , far earlier than usual .
substitute eidur gudjohnsen scores equaliser for bolton in stoppage time . veteran striker netted with virtually the last kick of the game . michael jacobs had opened the scoring for blackpool after nine minutes .
ivan novoseltsev proposed after his side s win against torpedo moscow . katerina keyru , who plays basketball for a living , said yes on the pitch . novoseltsev s fc rostov team mates were on hand to congratulate him . fc rostov have won four games in a row to move up to 10th in the table .
debris on carriers can get sucked into jet engines , causing deadly crashes . sailors are therefore usually required to search decks for debris by hand . but crew of admiral kuznetsov made themselves vehicle to speed up job . consists of mig 15 engine strapped to tractor to act as giant leaf blower .
the jockey fell at wexford on 10 april and suffered serious injuries . robbie mcnamara , however , says he is feeling optimistic as he recovers . he broke eight ribs , cracked six vertebrae and has no feeling in his legs .
emir spahic appears to aim punches and headbutt at stewards in video . his bayer leverkusen team lost on penalties against bayern munich . bosnian and his friends became involved in a disagreement with staff . police are now set to investigate the fighting and spahic faces a ban .
manny pacquaio vs floyd mayweather takes place in las vegas on may 2 . the fight is set to gross more than 300million , the most ever in boxing . sky sports pundits jamie redknapp and thierry henry went head to head .
harry kane will play for gareth southgate s side at this year s tournament . he will join up with the junior squad when he returns from tottenham s post season trip to malaysia and australia . kane scored on his england debut in their 4 0 win against lithuania . everton ace ross barkley and liverpool s raheem sterling are excused .
andrew hichens on call to deal with crimes , fires and medical emergencies . first person to be trained and equipped as a first responder to all 999 calls . emergency services brought together under one roof in hayle , cornwall . but devon and cornwall police federation chair called it a publicity stunt .
three teenage boys from north west london detained in turkey last month . their parents phoned 999 in britain after realising they were missing . authorities quickly made contact with turkish counterparts to block them . now it has emerged that one of boys fathers worked for the mod .
the 12 victims were from nigeria and ghana , police said . the group of 105 people left libya , bound for italy . more than 10 , 000 people have arrived on italian shores from libya since last weekend .
cesc fabregas was caught by trailing arm of stoke city ace charlie adam . former barcelona man picked up the injury during chelsea s home win . midfielder adam scored wonder goal during the game but it was n t enough . fabregas took to instagram to show he was all smiles despite the bruises . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
linda macdonald was arrested monday night after veering off the road and crashing her car into a wooden fence in dummerston , vermont . the shelburne , massachusetts woman claimed to have been talking on the phone and taking down directions when she crashed . police smelled alcohol on her and when they administered a breathalyzer test , macdonald tested . 02 per cent over the legal limit .
ralph body was once a beloved figure at the front desk of the building 27 on 27th in queens . the concierge says he was fired last week and now believes it was because he was too willing to help affluent tenants even after his shifts . some tenants are gathering signatures to get 41 year old body reinstated as the building s ever effervescent doorman .
vanessa santillan was found dead at a flat in fulham , south west london . the 33 year old mexican national was working as a transgender escort . a 23 year old man was arrested in connection with her death last month . he was bailed pending further inquiries as police continue investigation . any witnesses or anyone with any information that can assist police are asked to call the incident room on 020 8721 4868 or contact crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via crimestoppers uk . .
edinho has been hired as coach of the second division side . rivaldo currently serves as mogi mirim s president . edinho is the son of brazilian legend pele . he is appealing a 33 year prison sentence .
rudy gestede has scored 20 goals in the championship this season . swansea and crystal palace have shown an interest in the 26 year old . west brom and hull have all monitored the striker in the past . 6ft 4ins forward is valued at 7million by blackburn rovers .
nate silver predicts the conservatives will win 283 seats and labour 274 . means both david cameron or ed miliband could find it all but impossible to cobble together a workable coalition let alone rule on their own . respected us pollster predicted results of 2008 us election almost exactly .
harrison poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual tommy tune awards on tuesday in houston , texas . but the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage . tv cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness . however , the young bow tie wearing actor went on to make a swift recovery and bounced back to the podium .
utility back francis saili will join up with munster later this year . the new zealand international has signed a two year contract . saili made his debut for the all blacks against argentina in 2013 .
vladimir bukovksy will appear at cambridge magistrates next month . 72 year old is to be charged with making indecent photographs of children . dissident spent 12 years in prisons for spreading anti soviet propaganda .
manchester united beat aston villa 3 1 in the premier league on saturday . manchester city lost 2 1 at crystal palace on monday night . result means united sit one point ahead of city with seven games left . two sides meet in the manchester derby at old trafford on sunday . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
virginia roberts is being sued for defamation by lawyer alan dershowtiz . model agency owner jean luc brunel said he is considering legal action . comes after judge orders roberts sex slave claims struck from the record .
chelsea beat stoke 2 1 at home in the premier league on april 4 . diego costa limped off in the second half after aggravating his hamstring . blues travel to qpr on sunday in a west london derby at loftus road .
secret service says supervisor s security clearance has been suspended . he is accused of trying to kiss a colleague .
nick abendanon was man of the match in clermont win over northampton . clermont thrashed premiership s saints 37 5 at stade marcel michelin . former bath full back conceded england career over after france move . but abendanon s not yet given up hope of a call up to the national team . he hopes to be spoken of in the same way as toulon s steffon armitage .
kent police received reports of a kick about on a closed stretch of the m25 . came after an air ambulance was called to rescue an injured motorcyclist . two teens were also rescued after becoming stranded on opposite carriage . happened when the pair wandered on to the clockwise carriageway as it reopened .
andy murray beat novak djokovic in straights sets to win at sw19 in 2013 . jose mourinho said he could feel the emotion of what it meant to murray . mourinho also hails wimbledon as more than a grand slam . read mourinho critics do n t have a leg to stand on as he gets job done .
follows outbreak of h5n1 virus which can be deadly in humans . chickens culled and eggs buried in pits in bid to contain virus . virus has caused deaths of nearly 400 people worldwide since 2006 .
at waterloo bicentenary , research shows adults know little about the battle . only just over half polled knew the duke of wellington led british forces . one in eight between 18 24 said they had never heard of the famous battle . young people likely to associate waterloo with abba and london station .
anbar provincial official suicide and car bombs were part of the isis assault . iraqi and allied forces have had recent success , but isis remains powerful .
more than 1 , 700 students were spotted taking an exam in an open air playground at a chinese high school . grade one pupils at school in yichuan , shaanxi province could not all fit inside the building to take exam . yichuan senior high school officials said sitting exam outside would test the students organizing capacity .
brazilian online store claims to be selling next season s chelsea kit . it has published pictures of the new home shirt with bale 9 on the back . the images do n t have the adidas emblem on , who make chelsea s kit .
researchers found those with pretty faces also have appealing voices . university of vienna photographed and recorded voices of 42 women . two separate groups of men rated their attractiveness for the study . those who rated highly for looks often scored well for sound .
mils muliaina won 100 caps for new zealand before retiring in 2011 . muliaina has been playing for connacht in ireland this season . the kiwi was playing against gloucester on friday night . muliaina was led away led away by police after the match .
ferrari won the second grand prix of the season in malaysia . sebastian vettel s victory was a shock given mercedes strong start . but ferrari s technical director believes mercedes will be strong in china . the cooler climate should suit lewis hamilton and nico rosberg . click here for the latest f1 news ahead of the 2015 chinese grand prix .
pictures show raheem sterling and jordon ibe with shisha pipes . however , liverpool duo are n t first stars to be involved in such controversy . saido berahino and kyle walker both pictured inhaling hippy crack . read sterling filmed inhaling laughing gas .
danny cipriani kicked 13 points in sale s 23 6 victory against gloucester last saturday . cipriani has been in superb form for steve diamond s side this season . the former wasps no 10 was called up to stuart lancaster s england squad for the rbs 6 nations . cipriani made appearances off the bench against italy , scotland and france during the tournament .
the bbc has made light of clarkson fracas in a comedy programme . it shows bosses holding emergency meeting after he uses the word tosser . the episode was filmed last july , but the narration has been tweaked .
thibaut courtois went into the qpr game in inconsistent form for chelsea . he had been criticised for his performances against hull and stoke . but he excelled at qpr and said he never doubted his form would return . click here for neil ashton s match report from loftus road .
the 3 . 7 million structure is the longest skywalk in the world beating one at the grand canyon by five metres . the cantilevered platform in chongqing offers visitors a 720 degree view of the canyon below . glass platforms and transparent barriers mean people get an unobstructed view of the natural beauty spot .
cryos international is moving from new york to lab complex in orlando . located near university of central florida , one of the largest u . s . colleges . spokesman said move would help tap into abundant donor opportunities . ucf has undergraduate intake of 52 , 000 a year , 23 , 000 of whom are male .
police say the man had been ejected from the club when he returned and stabbed the bouncer in the back . the incident occurred at about 10 . 53 pm on thursday night . the bouncer , 29 , was taken to hospital but did not suffer life threatening injuries . in a separate incident , another bouncer was stabbed in the leg on good friday . police urge anyone with information about either of the incidents to contact crime stoppers .
spain defender courtside with his wife shakira at barcelona open . pique played in barcelona s 2 0 win over espanyol on saturday . kei nishikori won in straights sets over surprise finalist pablo andujar . world no 5 crowned barcelona open champion for second year in a row .
the game was available to download as an app from amazon and android . its designers sold it as an amusing game to help people with anorexia . failure to feed the girl results in the character losing weight and dying . social media users claim the game stigmatises people with problems .
inter milan are interested in signing midfielders lucas leiva and alex song . inter are keen on manchester city duo yaya toure and stevan joevtic . roberto mancini worked with them both during his spell at the club . click here for all the latest liverpool news . click here for all the latest manchester city news .
drunk teenage boy climbed into lion enclosure at zoo in west india . rahul kumar , 17 , ran towards animals shouting today i kill a lion ! . fortunately he fell into a moat before reaching lions and was rescued .
luke mcgee made stoppage time double save for tottenham hotspur . chelsea keeper mitchell beeney nearly handed spurs lead with error . tottenham missed out going level on points with manchester united . spurs now sit third in table behind united and liverpool . defending champions , in eighth , remain three points behind spurs .
gregg manderson , 68 , of st paul , minnesota , has auditory hallucinations . he sought help for condition last may when lullaby twinkle , twinkle little star crept into his head . songs , which have included police sirens , last for about a month , but for years he has heard a bugle call that could be linked to his time in vietnam . manderson originally did n t know . theme song to the 1950s western show cheyenne also often in his mind .
chelsea scored late winner to beat qpr 1 0 at loftus road on sunday . cesc fabregas scored with chelsea s only shot on target . chelsea move seven points clear at the top of the premier league .
bird was spotted near the a4 flyover at brentford after flying along thames . eagle eyed canal boat resident saw the puffin and contacted rescue agency . puffins most commonly found in iceland , but this bird blown off course .
alejandro valverde won ahead of julian alaphilippe and michael albasini . chris froome finished 123rd after a crash during the final 12 kilometres . team sky s sports director gabriel rasch praised froome for finishing . rasch said froome was banged up but expects to ride tour de romandie .
jean nidetch started weight watchers in 1963 . nidetch s philosophy it s choice not chance that determines your destiny .
joss labadie given six month ban for biting ronnie henry . incident took place shortly before the end of league two clash between dagenham and stevenage in march . the midfielder pleaded not guilty to the violent conduct charge at a fa disciplinary hearing on wednesday . labadie served a 10 match ban and was fined 2 , 000 in 2014 for biting .
australian warren rodwell was held hostage for 472 days and feared his abu sayyaf captors would behead him . he was freed in march 2013 after his family successfully managed to raise a ransom . now he fears he will not receive victims of terrorism overseas compensation . unless prime minister tony abbott decides otherwise , his kidnapping is not listed as a declared terrorist event . asio has officially declared abu sayyaf as a terrorist organisation .
steve bruce admits hull need to pull off crazy results to avoid the drop . the tigers still have to play liverpool , arsenal and manchester united . hull are just two points away from the bottom three of the premier league . click here for all the latest hull news .
hakaoro hakaoro was jailed in january 2014 for working without a licence . a string of new complaints against him have come to light this week . he tried to lure women into sexual services for their promised visas . the tribunal will wait to decide on a penalty for the new complaints .
andros townsend scored the equaliser in england s 1 1 draw with italy . townsend tweeted to hit back at paul merson for his previous comments . townsend has been been desperate to silence his critics . merson had slammed townsend for his display against man united .
a man has died after being crushed by a garbage truck in melbourne . the man was collecting garbage when the truck rolled and crushed him . another man has died after the car he was travelling in crashed into trees in melbourne s east on friday .
paddy morrall noticed image after wood was left in rain for several hours . 31 year old said he was not normally a religious guy but it was easter .
jamie o hara scored from the spot after just six minutes . but grant hall s own goal gave reading a share of the spoils . blackpool fans protested against owners , the oyston family . the seasiders need two more points to pass stockport s 26 .
heart patients who were more grateful had improved physical health . they had lower markers for inflammation which can worsen heart failure . they also had better moods , better sleep , and less fatigue , experts found . writing a gratitude journal is also linked with better heart health , they said .
sarkozy faces charges over funding of failed 2012 bid to retain presidency . declared that hope has been reborn after huge gains in regional elections . but just days later , he is pictured being driven to a financial court hearing .
cctv shows a man fall while walking along philadelphia platform . bystanders jump back in shock , but one instinctively leaps after him . good samaritan pushes the fallen man onto the platform then jumps up .
josh harrop scored twice as manchester united came from behind to win . reece oxford headed west ham ahead before hosts scored twice . jordan brown leveled before the break , but harrop pounced to earn win . adnan januzaj captained the side as they went four points clear at the top .
elanora baidoo married victor sena blood dzraku in 2009 . marriage was not consummated and blood dzraku has disappeared . judge in brooklyn has allowed baidoo to issue divorce papers via facebook .
loren mathieson filmed her dog performing the gravity defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties . footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air .
research was conducted at the university of southern california . scientists there have identified a gene , named nox3 , found in the inner ear . say this is crucial in determining a person s vulnerability to hearing loss . noise induced hearing loss is most common work related illness in the us .
patrick and marianne charles lit the barbecue as their heating was cut off . grandparents choked on carbon monoxide fumes in their conservatory . the couple , 78 and 74 , laid dead for 16 days before they were found . east sussex coroner recorded verdicts of accidental death .
qatar s constellation hotels bought majority share in company behind claridge s , the berkeley and the connaught . five star hotels latest in impressive list of high profile acquisitions , including the shard , harrods and canary wharf . gulf state s royal family also planning their own british palace converting three properties into a 200m mansion .
dangelo conner , from new york , was messing around with stun gun . zapped the air and a coke can before deciding to use on metal bracelet . shocked jewelry while he was holding it , sending current into his body . is shown collapsing and twitching while his friends watch and laugh .
jordan ibe showed off the impressive dance move on his instagram . the liverpool star has broken into the first team during this campaign . ibe is currently on the sidelines after suffering a knee injury . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
an egyptian goose that lived for at least a week with an arrow piercing its neck died after surgery . the goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic wednesday but then died a short time later . the vet did everything that they could do , said katie ingram of orange county animal care . the cause of injury is likely a victim of animal cruelty .
boeing 787 8 was bound for cancun after leaving london gatwick . pilot made decision to divert to bermuda due to disruptive passengers . police confirm two men removed from plane and taken into custody .
kylie leuluai needs surgery on his shoulder . veteran leeds prop facing the prospect of another six weeks out . the 37 year old new zealander has not played since last month .
city s players are on incentivised contracts because of financial fairplay . they will lose 500k each if they miss out on champions league . manuel pellegrini s team are currently fourth in premier league . but they are only four points ahead of fifth placed southampton .
justin rose finished joint runner up at the masters 2015 on 14 under par . rose s final total has only been bettered six times at the the masters . rose hopes to build on his display and take some big titles across the year . click here for all the latest news and reaction following the masters .
rafael correa , who claims to speak english , pictured with arm around boy . but apparently failed to pick up meaning of the message on child s t shirt . picture shared thousands of times on social media networks in ecuador .
parks department officials had a permit to attempt a controlled burn . fire officers had to deploy four aircraft and two bulldozers to fight the fire . more than 70 acres of the mojave narrows park were affected by the blaze . residents were able to return home once firemen controlled the inferno .
holly willoughby , katherine jenkins and samantha cameron all wear pink . spring summer collections are awash with different shades of the colour . according to experts , stronger pinks show confidence , energy and power .
gary saurage , 45 , who runs the gator country wildlife park in beaumont , texas , was called out on monday morning to catch a giant 400lb , 11ft long alligator from a family s backyard pond . a photograph of the capture later posted to facebook shows saurage approaching the giant reptile with his bare hands stretched forwards . he appears to looking at the creature directly in the eyes as it lurks just a few feet away .
wilfried zaha posted instagram photo of fifa 16 close up shots . the crystal palace winger has been in fine form for the eagles . zaha has scored twice since making move to selhurst park permanent . fifa 16 is set to be released by ea sports later this year .
the 40cm long philippine crocodiles travelled in custom designed boxes . they were sent to the palawan wildlife rescue conservation centre . the project is part of a conservation effort for the endangered species . philippine crocodiles are the most endangered croc species in the world .
kinessa johnson served four years as a weapons instructor and mechanic . now she works for veterans empowered to protect african wildlife . patrols with park rangers and assists in intelligence operations . insists she is not a poacher hunter , and only catches and detains them .
the 25 year old signed for cardiff from stade rennais for 2 . 1 million . but the defender has been on loan with st etienne this season . the club have an option to make the deal permanent for 1 . 5 million . st etienne will not take up an option to sign norwich striker ricky van wolfswinkel on a permanent deal .
union barons gave more than 700 , 000 to ed miliband s party in a week . overall , labour accepted more than 1 . 1 million between april 6 april 12 . tories received just 492 , 000 with most coming from wealthy individuals . the lib dems , meanwhile , were given just 50 , 000 and ukip 8 , 000 .
huang funeng , 80 , lost his sight to degenerative eye condition . wei guiyi , 76 , struggles with osteoporosis but leads him on daily walks . couple have become online hit after pictures emerged of their true love .
sarah theeboom , from new york city , gave up using hair products as a part of the no poo movement . the writer battled greasy hair and dandruff for nearly two months before locks became silkier and totally frizz free .
bridget olinda garcia , 32 , drove for 400ft with son , 13 , on the hood . teen jumped into the hood after garcia confiscated his mobile phone . when she stopped , teen son fell off and injured his hip , knee and foot .
manchester united and manchester city clash in sunday 4pm derby . chelsea also in derby action when they visit queens park rangers . liverpool host newcastle united in monday night football . arsenal travel to burnley for late saturday kick off . tim sherwood returns to tottenham hotspur with aston villa .
scientists hope immunisation against virus is possible with one injection . vaccine based on animal virus and the protein covering of ebola virus . ebola antigen in vaccine acts as trojan horse to create immune response . ebola has killed more than 10 , 000 people in a year across six countries .
inn will have 20 bedrooms and is to be completed to meet demand in 2016 . it will sit in the prince s village on a square named after the queen mother . the model village poundbury , dorset , already has a prince george house .
four turkish troops were wounded in the flight , according to the country s military . turkey president recep tayyip erdogan says clashes are attempt to halt a resolution process with kurds . violence between kurds and the turkish military has been ongoing for more than three decades .
100 passengers and crew members have been sickened on celebrity infinity . the ship , which is based on the west coast , left san diego in late march . the cdc is scheduled to board the ship monday .
chief justice john roberts , 60 , arrived in rockville , maryland court on wednesday .
marvel studios releases first looks at paul bettany as the vision in avengers age of ultron and charlie cox in full daredevil costume . jamie bell s character of the thing was also unveiled for 20th century fox s marvel based reboot of fantastic four . bryan singer unveiled the first look at x men apocalypse angel played by ben hardy .
reports have linked chelsea with a move for valencia s andre gomes . but the midfielder says wants to stay with the la liga side next season . gomes has scored four league goals in 25 appearances this term .
khayree gay , 31 , was captured on friday at the security inn and suites hotel in lake city , south carolina . gay , is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a jewelers row employee on april 4 in philadelphia . the woman , 53 , was abducted in a van from a parking garage and then beaten , tasered and threatened with death . she was left handcuffed in a pennsylvania cemetery following abduction .
accident happened just before 10am on sunday in durham , north carolina . derek lowe , 38 , and tina lowe , 33 , were pronounced dead at the scene . northbound train struck pair on property owned by norfolk southern . train no . 80 , the carolinian , was headed from charlotte to new york city . trip continued after about three hour delay and no passengers were hurt . man who met pair while collecting scrap metal said they were homeless .
at 240lbs , lillian bustle says she s not being negative when she calls herself fat she is just being factual . she says she likes performing burlesque because it helps open people up to liking different body types . the dancer says she s thrilled at the positive reception her ted talk has received , adding that she believes it means body positivity is working .
lewis hamilton attended nelson mandela s 90th birthday seven years ago . 30 year old wanted to say hello to hollywood actor will smith . f1 world champion is a big fan of former show the fresh prince of bel air .
celtic won 2 0 away st mirren on good friday in the scottish premiership . win moved celtic eight points above aberdeen having played a game more . stefan johansen scored celtic s second goal from the penalty spot .
dr alex zhavoronkov , an anti ageing expert , is confident he can live to 150 . scientist believes he can slow the ageing process by altering his lifestyle . that includes shunning marriage and children , while using supplements . current uk life expectancy is 78 . 8 years for boys and 82 . 8 years for girls .
manchester university west of fort wayne on lockdown for hours . local media reports that man seen may have been armed with explosives . school tells students to shelter in place as bomb squad arrives .
former staff sgt . charlie linville , 29 , from boise , idaho , was an explosives expert serving in afghanistan in 2011 when he was seriously wounded . two years later , he had his right leg amputated below the knee . he retired from service and has been climbing since with the heroes project , a nonprofit organization that helps wounded veterans . his quest to climb everest last year was thwarted following the deaths of 16 sherpa guides in april when an avalanche swept down .
arsenal beat manchester united 2 1 in the fa cup quarter final on march 9 . danny welbeck scored the winning goal for arsenal against united . teenager has been cautioned after posting racist tweet aimed at welbeck .
suzanne crough was the youngest member of tv s partridge family . crough died monday at 52 in nevada .
the gruesome vision was captured in australia and uploaded last week . the lizard swings its neck back and forth in a bid to swallow the rabbit . goannas can unhinge their lower jaws allowing them to swallow large prey .
book claims juan carlos was romancing corinna zu sayn wittgenstein . final de partida or end game by ana romero , sold out within 24 hours . author said at the book s launch the pair were a couple pure and simple .
stephanie from houston , texas , has a father who works as an astronaut . she wrote a message on land that could be seen from the space station . 11 cars created the 59 million sq ft message in nevada s delamar dry lake .
qpr unlikely to face disciplinary action over the incident . queens park rangers to review cctv and promise to ban anyone involved . cesc fabregas scored a late winner for chelsea at loftus road .
amazing scene captured on film in south africa s kalahari desert . two of the big cats approach the little reptile as it scuttled across the sands . but they were denied their meal and forced to wander off disappointed .
nine year old probed over criminal damage four year old over assault . 617 under tens in west midlands from 2009 to 2014 in suspected crimes . five year old girl is alleged to have committed sexual activity with child . the legal age of criminal responsibility in england and wales is ten .
american researchers examined more than 900 people aged 60 and over . experts believe that air pollution could increase the risk of silent strokes . microscopic particles in pollution are thought to kill 29 , 000 people a year . the risk of having a silent stroke can be raised by more than 40 per cent .
conor mcgregor shared a picture of his new tiger tattoo on his stomach . the 26 year old mcgregor is set to challenge jose aldo on july 11 . mcgregor grabbed aldo s featherweight champion belt in dublin . click here for all the latest ufc news .
olivier rousteing has revealed why he chose kim and kanye for balmain . designer says the couple are among the most talked about people . fashionable couple love wearing matching designs by balmain designer .
two bmw drivers violently clashed after a road rage row in east london . a 25 year old motorist rammed fellow driver who had stripped in street . he was arrested on suspicion of actual bodily harm and has been bailed . video shows shirtless man punching fellow motorist through car window .
bus driver in queens seen highlighting timetables as he drives with wrists . ten minutes of distracted driving caught on camera by commuter . at least nine pedestrians were killed by new york city buses last year .
the man records himself descending mountain with fellow skier . he negotiates a number of trees and video is initially a success . pair stop but the snowboarder fails to move from path of chairlift . while posing for the camera the chairlift hits him hard in the head . the footage was recorded in the chiisagata district of japan .
hulk saw the premiere of the avengers age of ultron movie on monday . 28 year old signed a new deal with zenit st petersburg in february . hulk has scored 15 goals in 33 appearances for the russian club this term .
scientists at vanderbilt university explored how to reduce infection risk . found all stuffed toys they swabbed showed signs of bacteria growth . urged parents to wash and sterilise any cuddly toys before surgery .
jose mourinho opted against watching a champions league fixture . instead , the chelsea boss saw fulham u21s 3 0 defeat by porto u21s . mourinho was at fulham s motspur park along with his son jose junior . real madrid and juventus join bayern munich and barcelona in semi finals .
bell has been banned after being found in possession of a 20 gram bag of marijuana and was hit with a dui charge last august . a key piece of the steelers offense , his absence during the play off game with the ravens was a key factor in the steelers defeat . and they will have to start the season without the 23 year old running back . legarrette blount was in the vehicle with bell and he was banned for the first game of the season earlier this week .
customers can have a picnic basket delivered after ordering online . paris picnics packs all the specialties , including french bread and wine . more expensive menu options include macarons and foie gras .
terry martin , 48 , shot his girlfriend laurice hampton on saturday . the couple allegedly had a heated argument over the proceeds of the ticket . hampton was able to call 911 to report the shootings just before she died . officers found the couple inside a master bedroom and martin was dead . hampton was taken by ambulance to a hospital where she died hours later .
japan aims to put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018 . the mission is expected to to be used to perfect technologies which could be utilized for future manned space missions .
michael vaughan in the frame to replace paul downton . former england captain has a chequered past with peter moores . moores insists there are no personal issues between he and vaughan . downton was sacked as managing director of england cricket .
the english bulldog puppy named hazel jumps into the basket . after leaning on the side of it , the puppy is thrown across room . puppy gets up , jumps back inside basket and chews on its rim . hazel the bulldog is featured in a number of videos on youtube .
nathan baggaley has been charged and detained after assaulting police . he allegedly hit an officer s hand when he was found with a white powder . the fallen athlete has been denied bail and will face courts may 7 . mr baggaley has also been charged with a string of serious drug charges . he has plead guilty to manufacturing a border controlled drug and manufacturing a marketable quantity of methamphetamine .
darlene feliciano , a walmart manager , was out on makapuu tom tom trail overlooking sea life park along kalanianaole highway in oahu . she slipped and fell 500 feet below a hole in the trail know as the puka .
london 2012 gold medallist nicola adams will prolong her career . adams has said she will keep fighting as long as i have motivation . the 32 year old underwent surgery on her shoulder earlier this year . read natasha jonas retires from boxing despite recent injury recovery .
the queen s granddaughter had been set to make her kentucky debut . but high kingdom suffered injury in stables and had to withdraw . zara phillips still hopeful the horse can competed at badminton .
montpellier bus driver sparks outrage with comment over the odour . said smell from those traveling into the city on route 9 was a true infection . bus company tam is said to have now outsourced that part of the route . but union bosses have said it risks creating apartheid in french city .
diddy and mark wahlberg have placed a 250 , 000 bet on the mega fight . the rapper is confident floyd mayweather can put him in the money . american boxer adrien broner has also put his money where his mouth is . broner admitted he will be putting 10 , 000 on there to be a stoppage . mayweather vs pacquiao 12 things you did n t know about the pair . click here for all the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
steven allison , 37 , uploaded pictures of himself looking happy and tanned . he fled to australia after going on run from the law more than a year ago . police were closing in on him with help of interpol and australian officers . allison was given 30 month jail sentence for sexual assault of two women . he was supposed to be lying low but could n t help post clues on facebook . tracked down by authorities and flown back to uk in handcuffs yesterday .
liverpool lost 4 1 at premier league top four rivals arsenal on saturday . result sees reds seven points adrift of fourth place with seven games left . reds travel to blackburn in their fa cup quarter final replay on wednesday . adrian durham sterling would only be earning the same as balotelli if he signed new 100 , 000 a week deal at liverpool . . . that s the real issue here . click here for the latest liverpool news .
aston villa beat liverpool 2 1 in the fa cup semi final at wembley . midfielder tom cleverley praised tim sherwood s impact as villa boss . cleverley believes villa can beat arsenal in the final in a one off match .
flour made from peanut kernel majorly stimulated growth of friendly bacteria . this means it can lower amount of e . coli , university of maryland study found . harmful bacteria is out competed as friendly takes up space on intestine wall .
leader said she understands concerns about snp being part of coalition . miss sturgeon also suggested pm had been not unhelpful to her party . polls indicate snp is on the brink of a historic landside victory in election .
a woman named michelle told police that the white van drove through a red light at about 2 30 p . m . on tuesday and almost hit her vehicle . cell phone footage shows him throwing a bottle at her car . police have identified the driver as daniel robert frank , 28 . frank is helping police with their misdemeanor criminal mischief investigation and his attorney claims michelle threw something at his van .
andy murray is getting married to kim sears in dunblane on saturday . british no 1 looked a little apprehensive at the wedding rehearsal . former wimbledon champion is set to jet off after the wedding to take a look at prospective new assistant coach jonas bjorkman .
u . s . navy is developing an unmanned drone ship to track enemy submarines to limit their tactical capacity for surprise . the vessel would be able to operate under with little supervisory control . advances are necessary to maintain technological edge on russia and china , admiral tells house panel .
carlos tevez played for manchester united , manchester city and west ham . argentinian striker scored 84 premier league goals and won three titles . but tevez says in england the midfield is non existent . tevez insists his juventus side can win the champions league . striker won the trophy with manchester united in 2008 .
activists in the missouri suburb , protesting over the shooting death of unarmed black teen michael brown , were also known as adversaries . the national guard was first activated in ferguson in august after missouri governor jay nixon declared a state of emergency when riots broke out .
kimi raikkonen s deal with ferrari expires at the end of the season . team principal maurizio arrivabene wants finn to improve performances . maranello driver has struggled to replicate team mate sebastian vettel .
real madrid beat rayo vallecano 2 0 in la liga on wednesday night . cristiano ronaldo scored his 300th goal for the spanish giants . ronaldo was also booked for diving in the area but it appeared unfair . carlo ancelotti plans to appeal the yellow card shown to ronaldo . click here for all the latest real madrid news .
manny pacquiao s conference call with boxing writers was cancelled . question and answer session had to be postponed due to technical issues . pacquiao responded to one question in what was supposed to be his last media event before travelling to las vegas for may 2 fight .
the first black bond villain , yaphet kotto , says secret agent must be white . he said the role was created for a white hero and should remain as such . black british actor idris elba has been tipped to replace daniel craig as 007 . kotto played villain dr kananga in the 1973 installment live and let die .
cult us shows like the big bang theory will be axed for 12 hours on may 7 . instead , e4 will show a special advert encouraging people to vote . the radical move could have a significant impact on the election . e4 is the most popular channel for 16 34 year olds , watched by 8 . 7 million .
fans downloaded seven million episodes between february and april . illegal downloads beat favourites the walking dead and breaking bad . season five of the hit hbo show premieres on sky atlantic on sunday . cable network launched internet streaming service to curb piracy .
11 points split leaders setif and bottom placed hussein dey with four rounds of the algerian league to play . all 16 teams could mathematically still win the championship . top two qualify for caf champions league while three are relegated . incredibly tense final day is expected on june 12 .
drone was filming at royal burgers zoo chimp enclosure for a tv show . chimpanzees spotted the drone and one grabbed a branch . on its second attempt , it knocked the drone out of the sky .
historians are hoping the wanquan castle can be restored to its former glory , particularly its imposing outer wall . fortress was built in 1393 and successfully repelled every attack that invading mongolian armies threw at it . castle has huge historical , cultural and military significance and has key cultural relic status for chinese people .
ander herrera has scored seven goals for man united since joining in june . herrera s eyes have been shut when striking the ball for six of his goals . his superb strike against yeovil town has been only goal with eyes open . herrera netted a brace in manchester united s 3 1 win over aston villa .
kenya s athletic federation has banned runners agents for six months . marathon world record holder dennis kimetto is a client of one of two banned management companies volare sports and rosa associati . investigations into a doping spike among runners is set to take place .
victoria s secret caused huge consumer backlash with the perfect body . campaign was amended after change . com petition started by students . d bra brand curvy kate spoof ad using top 10 star in a bra contenders . competition for real women finds their next lingerie model each year .
man with mental age of less than 10 was shot by army in field in 1974 . british government later apologised and investigation re opened this year . a former british soldier has now been arrested over the death . the suspect has been taken to northern ireland for questioning .
shocking images show men being savagely executed in homs province . executioners embraced the two victims before stoning them to death . bloodthirsty crowds are seen in the desert clearing to watch the atrocity . men were executed after isis militants accused them of being a gay couple .
police say they repeatedly instructed j . b . silverthorn of orchard park , new york , not to drive home from grand island town court on monday night . the warning came after they noticed he smelled of alcohol . despite the threat , silverthorn proceeded to get in his car and pull out the parking lot before being stopped by deputies . he s currently being held in the erie county jail with his bail set at 1 , 000 .
ulster and ireland prop declan fitzpatrick has announced his retirement . the 31 year old was advised to on medical grounds following a number of concussive episodes in recent seasons . medics and the guinness pro12 province referred him to a neurologist . fitzpatrick was capped seven times by his country .
arsenal goalkeeper wojciech szczesny celebrated his 25th birthday . the poland international was surprised with a gathering of friends and family as well as one of his favourite bands , lemon , at his home on saturday . szczesny had helped arsenal reach the fa cup final after a 2 1 win over reading in the semis at wembley earlier that same afternoon .
both chelsea and manchester city are keen on signing nathan . the attacking midfielder has been in contract dispute with his current club . nathan is due to speak to chelsea next week ahead of proposed move .
experts say the ashbrittle yew was mature when stonehenge was built . locals fear it s extremely sick due to wilting branches and falling leaves . but a tree surgeon thinks it could just be going through a bad patch .
university of oregon s tanguy pepiot had strong lead over meron simon . raised arms in triumph while he was still running which slowed him down . simon , of the university of washington sprinted and closed the gap . beat pepiot by a tenth of a second at track event in eugene , oregon .
valencia were held to a 1 1 draw by athletic bilbao after aritz aduriz netted . getafe boosted survival chances with 1 0 win over strugglers elche . felipe caicedo scored a brace in espanyol s 3 0 defeat of villarreal .
the 38 year old suspect was questioned by kansas city police after neighbors complained he was blasting music in his 2007 infinity . instead of handing over his id , driver smiled , said i m out ! . after crashing into bridge , the man stripped down to his underwear and jumped into brush creek . it took cops armed with a bb gun 15 minutes to fish out the fugitive .
mark clattenburg will referee barcelona vs psg in the champions league . he will be assisted by five other englishmen at the parc des princes . martin atkinson has not been chosen by uefa for this round of fixtures . referees from serbia , czech republic and spain also selected for games . graham poll clattenburg was right to confer for vincent kompany foul .
gary ballance , ian bell and joe root are forming a strong middle order . ballance shone at no 3 for england against west indies . england exile kevin pietersen will be 35 on june 27 .
brian the lar gibbon was captured strutting at the lake district wildlife park . amanda dorman from scotland shot and uploaded the seven second clip . video shows 50 year old primate sneaking along while looking at filmmaker . park manager said brian has been entertaining our guests for years .
inca kingdom in the andes was connected via handwoven rope bridges . today , only one bridge remains the keshwa chaca near huinchiri , peru . the 90ft long bridge is rebuilt by villagers over three days every june , before gradually disintegrating each time . locals use the same techniques to make the rope as their inca ancestors .
autistic teenager kimberly greenberg went missing more than a week ago . the 15 year old left her la home to go for a walk and never returned . her mother janice has now made a desperate plea for help finding her . she is said to be very trusting and has the mental capacity of an 8 year old .
carly booth took to instagram to show off her impressive bikini body . the scottish golfer is currently in mauritius shooting for golf punk mag . it s not the first time booth has been in the headlines for a revealing photo .
graziano pelle has n t scored in the premier league since december 20 . italy striker did find the net against england in recent international friendly . the 29 year old has thanked saints fans for supporting him in lean spell .
nearly 3 . 8 million crimes were recorded by the police last year . this represented an increase of 2 per cent from 2013 , figures revealed . record number of rapes and other sex crimes were logged 220 a day . experts chalked the surge down to high profile cases like jimmy savile s .
the ship was sunk in 1942 hundreds of miles of the coast of south america . a british company says the salvage operation occurred at a world record depth . the torpedoing is the subject of the book goodnight , sorry for sinking you .
bon apetit have revealed the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread . they say the trick is to run the bread under a tap and put it in the oven . the result is a loaf that is soft on the inside and crusty on the outside . lifesum nutritionist luvisa nilsson says the trick is safe . however , you must make sure the loaf is not mouldy before going ahead .
danny ings contract atburnley expires at the end of the season . liverpool have held an interest in the striker since earlier in the year . united have made contact early with burnley to hurry through a move . ings also linked with manchester city , tottenham and real sociedad . danny ings the man with an inspiring tattoo .
win a pair of nike magista obra boots signed by city and england no1 . prize winner will receive band new gillette fusion proglide razor worth 12 . and we ll also throw in some fusion proglide shave gel worth 4 . 99 . click here to enter the competition .
danny ings is being targeted by manchester united in the summer . louis van gaal has been impressed with the burnley forward this season . ings is likely to be one of a number of signings for the red devils . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
london mayor praised the coalition for having kept down unemployment . he said creation of more jobs was one of moral triumphs of government . comments will be seen as attempt to position himself as future party leader .
matthew riches allegedly spiked a woman s drink with the drug mdma . accused of dropping the drug in her drink so he could have sex with her . the 29 year old now set to go on trial at isleworth crown court in august .
lloyd dennis has been charged with 28 offences against two children . the 32 year old has worked at a number of primary schools in hampshire . the reel of charges includes rape and sexual activity with a child .
rifle was stolen overnight while agent s car was parked at a salt lake city hotel across the street from the state s fbi office . gun was secured properly in a case and truck safe with padlocks and chains . police believe thief tied a rope around the case and used another car to break the handle off by ripping the case through the car s window . agent s stolen backpack and gear bags were recovered at a nearby hotel , but the gun has not been found .
pfa have announced their six man shortlist for young player of the year . harry kane and eden hazard will among the front runners for the award . kane has scored 19 premier league goals for tottenham this season . hazard has been instrumental for table toppers chelsea this campaign .
the health secretary said the mail s campaign exposed abuse of funds . promised a future conservative government would stop abuse as priority . labour health spokesman andy burnham vowed to investigate findings . other senior politicians said nhs trusts should be hauled before mps .
nelson oliveira is on loan at swansea from portuguese giants benfica . oliveira set to make only his second premier league start against leicester . swansea outcast is hopeful of proving his worth in england . portugal international was once linked with a move to manchester united .
university of illinois researchers gave 150 children a pattern game . it was designed to test cognitive flexibility , which is our ability to shift attention and select information to fit the changing demands of a task . they compared the results with the children s food diaries . found those who ate fatty food had slower reaction times and worse working memories than children who ate healthier diets .
the migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of libya , an italian leader says . at least 480 migrants have died while crossing the mediterranean this year .
manchester city maintain striker alvaro negredo will move to valencia . the spaniard will cost the la liga side 24million this summer . fee was part of the loan agreement put in place for negredo . city scouts were deployed to watch porto s alex sandro this week .
rugby league star james lockwood has been banned for two years . featherstone prop tested positive for growth hormone releasing factors . former dewsbury player was part of team that lost 2014 grand final .
nurse deborah roberts forced a wet wipe into phyllis hadlow s mouth . dementia patient , 96 , occasionally screamed out because of her condition . roberts , 53 , also poured water over the elderly widow in a hospital ward . she admitted wilfully neglecting frail mrs hadlow but will not be jailed .
damon clay , 17 , of atlanta , has burns covering 70 per cent of his body . officers have arrested quintavious barber , 19 , and malik morton , 18 . they were arrested for aggravated assault and cruelty to a child . relatives of clay say the two men accused him of stealing a playstation 3 .
man left horrified after discovering timber in frozen iceland curry . wife discovered splinter covered shard whilst preparing the biryani . iceland are now conducting an investigation into how it happened .
clarke carlisle reveals he has moved out of the marital home in yorkshire . father of three says both hand his wife have to focus on their well being . the former premier league defender , 35 , tried to kill himself in december .
jimi manuwa plans to finish opponent jan blachowicz inside two rounds . the londoner says his aggression and killer instinct will see him through . manuwa wants to get back to winning after losing to alexander gustafsson .
hazmat teams tested a white powdery substance sent to u . s . rep mike doyle s office on wednesday causing temporary building shutdown . the white substance came back as negative and after just under two hours the congressman was able to return to his office . i live in pittsburgh . .
mitsubishi lancer crashed through family s fence in sydney s north west . the 23 year old driver was hit by taxi and sent him spiralling out of control . driver and two passengers managed to escape when car crashed into pool . blue lancer sunk to the bottom and will need to be retrieved with a crane .
the thunder from lagos was suspected of illegally fishing for toothfish . sea shepherd had been tracking the thunder for more than 100 days . the thunder s captain is suspected of scuttling the vessel in a cover up . watertight doors were dogged open to allow the vessel to sink faster .
the 53 second video features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in south gate , southern california . the woman is then approached by a tall man with a riffle who wrestles the cell phone from her . he then throws it to the pavement and then kicks it in a fit of rage . u . s . marshals spokesperson has said the shocking footage is being reviewed , while the l . a . county sheriff s department is also investigating .
jose mourinho says he he is getting better at every aspect of his job . the chelsea boss has won titles in all four leagues he has managed . but mourinho says he has one problem that he can not change . that is that he is never a hypocrite when he faces the media . mourinho was fined for claiming there was a campaign against chelsea . he was fined a similar amount last season for three separate incidents .
the legendary physicist was speaking at the sydney opera house . he appeared as a 3d hologram from cambridge university in the uk . the question was what effect zayn malik leaving one direction would have . professor hawking tackled the conundrum and had a perfect explanation . he joked that in another different universe zayn is still in one direction .
hibernian stand to make 1million from gate revenues in play offs . edinburgh club battling to try and reduce share to lower league clubs . hibs would have to give 50 per cent of gate revenues to lower teams . club has received support from hearts and motherwell to lower to 25 .
jenrry mejia suspended for 80 new york mets games without pay . mejia tested positive for banned substance stanozolol . 25 year old right hander will not be able to play again until at least july .
arsenal s alexis sanchez is enjoying a fine debut season in english football . he has scored 22 goals in all competitions since signing from barcelona . sanchez has been nominated for the pfa player of the year award . the 26 year old has spoken highly about the quality of his arsenal team mates and singled out fellow attacker santi carzola for particular praise . the gunners are currently second in the premier league table and through to the fa cup final for a second consecutive season .
al qaeda linked networks have altered tactics since snowden stole files . he stole intelligence files from gchq and us national security agency . he fled justice in us to hong kong , then russia where granted asylum .
the fa cup is usually a rollercoaster of emotions . fittingly , the famous trophy was taken on looping ride at alton towers . it was accompanied by an arsenal and a reading fan ahead of the pair s semi final at wembley on saturday . arsenal are the current holders of the competition and keen to retain it . liverpool and aston villa will contest the other semi final on sunday .
norwegian vets criticise eu regulations on treatment of organic fish . first line of treatment for organic fish should be homeopathic remedy . vets call directives scientifically illiterate , saying it delays real care . british vets say use of homeopathy could lead to serious health detriment .
assyrians are an ancient middle eastern minority they are part of the rapidly dwindling christian population of iraq . after isis overran their villages , some assyrians formed a militia to fight for survival against the terror group .
everado custodio , 22 , allegedly opened fire at a crowd in logan square , chicago , about 11 . 50 pm friday night . happened in front of uber driver , 47 , who pulled out his personal firearm and shot custodio several times in the legs and lower back . there were no other injuries . investigation determined the driver will not face an charges because he acted in self defense and the defense of others .
juventus are interested in liverpool forward raheem sterling . the italian champions are also taking calls for star man paul pogba . juventus want at least 55million for the former man united midfielder . read liverpool launch bid to rival man utd for psv s memphis depay . read liverpool set for summer overhaul with ten kop stars on way out .
deion sanders called out his son deion sanders jr . when he wrote about needing hood doughnuts almost every morning . you re a huxtable with a million trust fund stop the hood stuff ! . sanders later confirmed the entire thing was just a joke between father and son . the former football and baseball star and current analyst is said to be worth around 40million . a huxtable is a phrase used by some to refer to upper class black people , in reference to the huxtable family from the cosby show .
mother of three erica leeder allegedly squirted breast milk at a police officer . the 26 year old was picked up on an outstanding arrest warrant on april 7 . was charged with assaulting a police officer and fronted court on tuesday . perth woman spent a week in jail before she was released on bail .
kristina patrick from alaska filmed her german shepherd pakak performing a very skillful trick . footage shows the pup taking the ball from her mouth with her paws and holding it up high in the air to admire it . she then carefully lowers it back down to the starting point .
tectonica responsible for websites of more than 200 labour candidates . the argentinian link is an em barrassment for miliband , tories claimed .
hull s steve bruce has revealed the club have reapplied for name change . the fa blocked previous attempt for club to become hull tigers . previous attempt to change name by owner assem allam angered fans .
cameron visited cheltenham for a speech on cutting inheritance tax . aides ordered that the jack russell and poodle cross breed be kept away . owner sarah style joked i m surprised mi5 are not getting involved .
roger varian says he has not lost faith in dewhurst stakes winner belardo . belardo beat only one home in saturday s greenham stakes at newbury . varian s determination to avoid fast ground means colt may head to france . he is likely to target french 2 , 000 guineas rather than british equivalent .
kyle knox , 23 , disappeared as he tried to climb 4409 ft high ben nevis . he was last seen at start of route on march 31 but failed to return to hotel . his body was found near the foot of the peak three weeks after he vanished . the londoner s family has been informed of the discovery .
parents and grandparents flocking to social media site . almost 60 of britons aged over 55 now have facebook account . many have left site while others block posts from family members .
bayern munich beat porto 6 1 in the champions league quarter final . the germans advanced 7 4 on aggregate after a 3 1 defeat in the first leg . pep guardiola said he felt in the lead up to match that bayern would win . the former barcelona boss says winning is a matter of life and death .
an afghan lawmaker is among 64 people wounded in the attack , police say . taliban spokesman denies his group was responsible for the attack .
ohio couple suing author lacey noonan as well as apple , amazon and barnes noble . claim personal photo of them on the book s cover was appropriated without permission and without them knowing . say the book has caused them to be ridiculed and humilaited . the fan fiction is about a woman s sexual infatuation with new england patriots tight end rob gronk gronkowski .
the quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time recently at the tobu zoo in tokyo . however , curiosity soon got the better of the cats and one accidentally fell into the play pool . his brothers quickly came to the rescue after noticing he was in trouble .
thomas k . jenkins , 49 , was arrested last month by deputies with the prince george s county sheriff s office , authorities said . police say jenkins had cut a hole in the roof of a commercial business in maryland on march 9 and deputies arrested him as he fled . jenkins is accused of carrying out multiple robberies in dover , delaware . he is facing 72 charges from the dover police department for 18 robberies . the delaware state police is planning to file charges over a 19th robbery , which occurred in a part of dover where jurisdiction is held by state police .
timothy norris jones left his mother with a bruised face and a cut hand . 59 year old told police she fell and he accidentally caught her face . handed two year suspended sentence at guildford crown court .
jack mascitelli , 18 , stripped naked and ran through byron bay , in nsw . the student , from victoria , was handed a 500 fine after his 8 . 45 am antics . prank backfired when he ran screaming and yelling past police officers . magistrate told mr mascitelli his actions were em barrassing .
bowel cancer patients who saw normal gp diagnosed week later than others , study shows . findings not linked to a later diagnosis for breast cancer or lung cancer . delays can be vital because cancer can quickly spread to other organs . britain has one of europe s lowest cancer survival rates , partly blamed on missed symptoms .
slovenian born aljaz bedene defeated belgium s arthur de greef . bedene will face jiri vesely after beating arthur de greef in 70 minutes . the 25 year old switched allegiance from slovenia to britain in march .
amy , 24 , has designed a summer range full of pretty pastels . amy says her garments are definitely for real women . has faced the wrath of twitter trolls .
police in kinnelon , new jersey , rushed to the crash scene after a tip off about someone driving erratically in the local area . with smoke already coming from the vehicle the officers had to act fast to get the injured woman free . just 2 minutes and 30 seconds after the officers had removed the woman from the wreckage the vehicle became engulfed in flames . dawn milosky , 45 , has been charged with driving while intoxicated and having an open container of alcohol in the vehicle .
project doubles number of new starter homes in england to 200 , 000 . properties will be 20 cheaper than their market value for under 40s . starter homes can cost no more than 250 , 000 or 450 , 000 in london .
real madrid face atletico madrid in champions league clash on tuesday . madrid closed gap on league leaders barcelona over the weekend . gareth bale returns to training ahead of crucial madrid derby . cristiano ronaldo looking to add to his eight champions league goals . click here for all the latest real madrid news .
caster semenya reclaimed the south african 800 meter title on saturday . olympic silver medalist won in 2 minutes , 5 . 05 near cape town . injury hit semenya is aiming to qualify for the world championships .
david villa posted the photo of his family by the empire state building . the former barcelona striker moved to new york city on a free transfer . villa has scored one goal since his move and seems to be enjoying the us .
peter costello slammed government pledge for lower , simpler , fairer taxes . the former treasurer singled out joe hockey s proposed new bank tax and josh frydenberg s push for revenue from multinationals . mr hockey hit back at mr costello , saying he wished he had the tax revenue the former treasurer had when the coalition was last in power .
carolyn thorpe from bristol died when the tree toppled onto her in 2007 . the 62 year old s daughter was also injured in the tragic accident . town hall of hiers brouage has now paid out thousands in compensation .
sharista giles of sweetwater , tennessee woke up on wednesday after being in a coma for five months . she was five months pregnant when she went into the coma , and a month later doctors were forced to deliver her son , who the family calls baby l . when giles opened her eyes her father showed her a photo of her son . baby l weighed just two pounds when he was born and though he is still in the neonatal intensive care unit he now weighs over six pounds . giles prognosis is still not known , but she has shocked doctors who believed she would not make it out of her coma or even live this long .
william schultz was arrested sunday afternoon , hours after jordan almgren was stabbed to death in his home in discovery bay . deputies put out an alert for schultz after they said he got away in someone s truck . the motive for the stabbing remains under investigation . day before the stabbing , deputies had also been called to the home on a request for a psychological evaluation of schultz .
33 year old stuart made the bizarre excuse to ex girlfriend sophie . she told of the creative excuse for cheating during a tv appearance . but a red faced stuart stormed on to the jeremy kyle show to deny it . the jeremy kyle show , weekdays at 9 . 25 am on itv .
hilary mantel has been tweaking stage version of wolf hall for broadway . her award winning bring up the bodies has been renamed wolf hall ii . it may also be shorter as the author was said to have cut lot of repetition . show opens in america s broadway with original british cast tomorrow .
letter to state department in december 2012 asked about personal email . but there was no response until march 2013 seven weeks after clinton left . reply did not answer query about personal email use for official business . latest revelation casts further shadow as clinton begins white house bid .
elliot daly was in fine form at outside centre for wasps in march . daly , 22 , has not yet been capped by england . wasps head coach dai young says england must pick him for world cup .
alaa abdullah esayed posted 45 , 600 tweets supporting isis to followers . some posts included pictures of the dead bodies of jihadi fighters . others quotes a poem advising parents how to raise children to be violent . esayed , 22 , could face 14 years in prison after she admitted encouraging terrorism and disseminating terrorist publications .
hundreds were evacuated from a big top circus after rain tore through it . more than 1000 homes lost power between houston and dallas . cars floated across harris county in half a foot of rain on saturday .
manuel valls said france is facing an unprecedented threat from terrorism . we have never had to face this kind of terrorism in our history , he said . comments follow the arrest of 24 year old student sid ahmed ghlam who was allegedly plotting attacks on catholic churches in paris . dna also reportedly links algerian to murder of dancer aurelie chatelain .
the spfl have announced their post split fixtures . celtic will not play another saturday league fixture this season . they face nearest rivals aberdeen at pittodrie on sunday , may 10 .
andrea pirlo scored a stunning free kick for juventus against torino . however , juve fell to a 2 1 defeat and missed the chance to wrap up their fourth consecutive serie a title . despite the loss , juve remain 14 points clear at the top of the league table . pirlo is still playing at the top of his game at 35 years old .
ander herrera fired man united to victory with double against aston villa . the spaniard put in a man of the match display at old trafford . herrera struggled for games between october and february . however he now appears to be an integral member of united s squad .
asabi barner , 37 , of south carolina got a tattoo at black ink tattoo parlor while visiting new york city . the parlor in harlem specializes in tattooing dark skin and the shop s owner and artist have their own reality show called black ink crew on vh1 . barner went to the shop last year to get a new chest piece to cover up an older chest tattoo . after the first day , barner says the new tattoo started to puss and continues to be painful to this day . she is currently in the process for suing the tattoo parlor .
photographer captures the baby bear making the most of its mother s thick fur by bedding down on it for a nap . the young family can be seeing playing in the water at kuril lake in kamchatka , russia . like with most babies , their exuberance leaves them exhausted so they all go for a quick afternoon snooze .
islamist militant group al shabaab claims responsibility for the attack . the explosion happened across the street from a hotel that was attacked two months ago . mogadishu has been the site of frequent attacks by al shabaab .
police a male tsa officer signaled to a female officer when he found a man attractive . female officer would notify scanning machine a woman not a man was passing through . police that would trigger an anomaly in groin area , leading male officer to grope passenger .
fly tippers dumped 40 tonnes of waste in walsham le willows , suffolk . police believe culprits used three tractors and trailers to transport rubbish . an officer described it as the worst case he has seen in almost 30 years .
iranian sports official the ban will be lifted for some events in the coming year . but he says families are not interested in attending some sports matches .
applicants must measure 5ft 6in and have a 25 1 2 in waist . casting request gives the star s head and wrist circumferences . hopefuls must n t have tattoos or body piercings and may have to cut hair . previous adverts have featured keira knightley and claudia schiffer .
former dreamworld employee claims she injured herself whilst working . zoe prince , 28 , worked on the tower of terror ride checking harnesses . she claims the repetitive motion and stressful working conditions resulted in a wrist injury . she has had two surgeries and claims she now has a permanent disability . she claims the business were negligent and did not give them enough breaks or a co worker where required .
diane greenberg is a catholic and her husband , bob , is jewish . pair from new hope , pennsylvania , decided to raise kids in different faiths . katie , now 24 , received catholic religious instruction and was confirmed . steven , 21 , had jewish teaching but was ultimately not given a bar mitzvah . family say many find arrangement baffling but have defended it .
labour politician helal abbas lost bid to become mayor of tower hamlets . the london bangla ran an advert accusing him of assaulting his ex wife . after long legal battle , editor admits there was no truth to the allegation .
red bull have launched a bid to buy leeds , massimo cellino says . cellino says majority shareholder eleonora sport are considering offer . leeds chairman andrew umbers later said he was unaware of offer . cellino currently serving a football league disqualification .
robin van persie has been linked with a move from manchester united . holland international s son shaqueel has been showing off his skills . the dutchman s son scored with a scorpion kick made famous by colombia keeper rene higuita .
experts have voiced concerns over diy brain stimulation kits for children . for a few hundred dollars , one can be purchased online from various sites . it promises to help children with math homework and claims to help adhd . professor colleen loo from the black dog institute strongly believes that the equipment poses a danger to amateurs and children . the equipment is currently being used to treat people with speech impediments but is still very much in trial stages .
striker suffered his hamstring in the 2 1 win over stoke on april 4 . costa has recovered ahead of schedule and will train with squad next week . he could return for their top of the table clash with arsenal next weekend . jose mourinho s side face manchester united on saturday .
clocks go back an hour at 3am on sunday , april 5 in all states except queensland , the northern territory and western australia . daylight savings will begin again on october 4 this year . changing the clock is also a reminder for people to change their smoke alarm batteries , australian fire services say .
speed camera discovered pointing at house in handsworth , birmingham . fixed cameras switched off across the west midlands in spring of 2013 . site is not going to be part of a new trial using digital technology . obsolete camera may now be taken down after engineers examine device .
novak djokovic beat qualifier albert ramos vinolas in straight sets . david ferrer is also into the next round after his opponent retired . jo wilfried tsonga had to be alert as he was pushed by jan lennard struff .
providenciales consistently ranks as one of the best beach destinations on the planet . greece is home to three of the top four islands in europe , including santorini at no 1 . jersey ranked sixth in europe , its best ever position in tripadvisor s annual rankings .
walter scott owed over 18 , 000 in back child support payments , documents show . walter scott had four children and served in the coast guard , his brother says . he was shot in the back and killed by a north charleston police officer .
thousands of accounts vanished from the social network last week . twitter said it had received numerous reports about terror promoting users . decided to suspend 10 , 000 accounts for making threats of violence . suspensions were almost certainly linked to a campaign by hacktavist collective anonymous targeting online jihadis .
emmanuel adebayour looks set to leave tottenham in the summer . the north london club would prefer to receive a fee for the forward . however due to his high wages and daniel levy may let him leave for free . click here for all the latest tottenham news .
bob barker returned to host the price is right on wednesday . barker , 91 , had retired as host in 2007 .
jeb corliss jumped over the 562m high ball s pyramid at lord howe island . footage shows the 39 year old leaping out of the helicopter in a wing suit . ball s pyramid is the world s tallest volcanic stack between australia and new zealand .
neil phillips was part of sir alf ramsey s backroom staff for world cup . phillips was a late addition to the team , after being promoted from u23s . he also worked with england for 1970 and 1974 world cups .
andre ward sees paul smith as the ideal warm up opponent . it could possibly come before a ward rematch with carl froch . ward has not fought since beating edwin rodriguez in november 2013 . froch is turning his attention a first appearance in las vegas .
people magazine has named actress sandra bullock the most beautiful woman in the world . be a good person be a good mom do a good job with the lunch , she says .
john sutton jr was just 8 years old in 1940 , when his blacksmith father took him to his first kentucky derby . the 84 year old louisville native has n t missed a race since , and has amassed an impressive collection of memorabilia over the past 76 races . churchill downs , the racing grounds that hosts the competition , has invited sutton to watch the event for free as a special guest on may 2 .
south korean lawmaker quotes intelligence officials as saying kim jong un countenances no disagreement . official reportedly executed for expressing dissatisfaction with forestry program . four member of unhasu orchestra also reportedly executed .
miliband overtakes david cameron as the most popular political leader . it is the first time that labour leader has been ahead in approval ratings . labour party has also taken a commanding four point lead over the tories .
creatures attracted by the higher sea temperatures . dozens of sightings reported by fisherman off devon and cornwall . jellyfish can grow up to six feet and weigh 55lb .
james oliver , 48 , was left with a serious leg injury after being allegedly hit by a car driven by linda currier , 53 . police found oliver in the driveway of a home in maine , on saturday night . currier arrested operating under the influence and aggravated assault . oliver charged with attempted gross sexual assault , unlawful sexual touching and failing to comply with the sex offender registration act .
queens park rangers strode to a 4 1 victory against the baggies . joey barton believes his side can take great confidence from away win . premier league relegation candidates qpr currently occupy 18th spot .
jordan rhodes has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons . dougie freeedman tried to sign the striker in march , but was turned down . rhodes and partner rudy gestede also attracting premier league attention .
ollie devoto , semesa rokoduguni , anthony watson and matt banahan all crossed for bath . bath fly half george ford added nine points from the boot . newcastle replied through a sinoti sinoti try .
a graphic on nbc s today show on wednesday misidentified saturday night live creator lorne michaels as lauren . the flub by a graphics person , made on the east coast feed of the morning show , was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online . today interviewed 70 year old michaels for a story on new york gathering for influential people listed by time magazine .
young girl in gardena , california , disappeared from car wash at 4 . 55 pm . discovered sitting alone in parking lot outside burger restaurant at 7pm . police searching for driver of white nissan altima with tinted windows .
carla suarez navarro advances to final of the miami open with win . spaniard will play either serena williams or simona halep in final . suarez navarro beats andrea petkovic in straight sets 6 3 , 6 3 .
nicola adams and her family were at home during the break in . but thieves left with two cars , training kit , and other valuables . adams will not fight at english national championships this weekend . abae chief mark abberley called decision completely understandable .
ryuichi kiyonari bettered the donington park lap record on sunday . japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29 . 455 seconds . shane bryne finished less than a quarter of a second down .
adrien broner posted a video of a facetime conversation with amir khan . the american has made it clear he wants to fight the briton next . khan said on twitter that he had given his word to his next opponent . kell brook is another possible opponent but khan wants to wait .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers has been found guilty of ignoring a notice to improve a property he co owns in accrington , lancashire . house had broken windows and doors with rubbish strewn across a yard . the terrace property was left derelict by the owners for three years . liverpool manager suffered defeat by aston villa in the fa cup on sunday .
gareth bale has endured a difficult second season at real madrid . former tottenham winger has been linked with a return to the premier league with manchester united and chelsea . stoke manager mark hughes has urged wales star to stay at the bernabeu . read bale desperate to stay and win over real madrid support . read bale leads football league team of the decade .
greek government has proposed a law to crack down on crowd violence . fifa and uefa have strict rules to protect federations independence . greek minister claims football s governing bodies are not interested in solving the evils plaguing greek football . matches in greece to be suspended three times this season due to unrest .
age old game of cat and mouse is brought to life in these quirky pictures taken in shepton mallet in somerset . the pair are seen battling it out on the roof of a shed in a real life take on an episode of tom and jerry . ironically , the cat s name is mouse . .
beaching a boat , brighton taken from jewish owner in second world war . export permit discovery could bolster claims it came to britain legitimately . tate and descendants of painting s original owner are locked in dispute .
labour leader s secret cribsheets revealed his peculiar set of reminders . included words happy warrior , calm , never agitated and me versus dc . labour defended notes calling them evidence of miliband s positive vision .
most of the victims were children , according to reports . condolence messages appear online with images of boys in soccer uniforms . the bus collided with a fuel tanker near the southern moroccan city of tan tan .
daniel weness reported on tuesday that a storage canister with vials of bull semen had been taken from his farm . the 500 canister held vials worth between 300 and 1 , 500 each . theft happened between april 1 and 7 , and weness was away on easter . there is a market for bull semen because it helps farmers on transportation costs of putting a bull and a cow in the same pen to breed .
aston villa striker christian benteke scored three against qpr on tuesday . players from belgium have now netted 48 premier league goals this term . english players have scored 255 goals almost four times more than spain . a total of nine nations have just a single top flight goal this season . players from 46 countries have scored a total of 800 goals during 2014 15 .
promotion is part of al pacino s speaking tour in the uk and ireland . package includes tickets to two shows and a five star hotel stay in london . if it s too pricey , fans can pay 2 , 500 for alone time in his dressing room . scarface and godfather actor is speaking in glasgow , london and dublin .
robbie savage posted the snap on his twitter showing his weight loss . the pundit has been labeled as podgy previously by some people . sportsmail s laura williamson once described savage as marmite .
derek murray , a university of alberta law student , could have had his day ruined by the mistake by a stranger s kindness brightened it up . murray posted his story and the note online and the random act of kindness has now gone viral .
a series of pictures show body painted models camouflaged in woodland . the pieces of art are by j rg d sterwald , 49 , from hameln , germany . he takes hours to paint the models into every nature scene .
jordan henderson is set to sign an improved deal with liverpool . the 24 year old midfielder has 14 months left on his current contract . henderson could replace steven gerrard as club captain this summer . liverpool will resume talks with raheem sterling at the end of the season . read liverpool launch bid to rival man utd for psv s memphis depay .
mario balotelli joined liverpool for 16million from ac milan last summer . the striker has scored just one premier league goal and is set for exit . sampdoria want the italian but he would have to take a pay cut . president massimo ferrero said balotelli is not hungry anymore . read balotelli lays into man utd after sergio aguero s goal at old trafford .
matej vydra converts ikechi anya cross after 26 mintues . adlene guadeioura doubles hornets advantage in second half . millwall remain seven points from safety , and are second from bottom .
the teenager suffered a broken jaw in 2 places and a fractured cheek bone . mother shared a photo of jaidyn on her facebook page after his operation . kat lee says her son was at an adelaide train station on saturday night . she has appealed for witnesses to come forward and speak to police . police are still investigating the matter and no arrests have been made .
several of nepal s best known landmarks have been destroyed by the earthquake of april 25 . but outside the capital kathmandu there is hope that many have survived .
study in milan found two dogs identified 98 of prostate cancer cases . they examined urine samples of 900 men 360 who had cancer . medical detection dogs charity hailed the study as spectacular .
fort hood shootings in 2009 were initially classed as workplace violence . authorities later acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism . but victim staff sergeant shawn manning says he is being denied benefits . says military rejected claims his injuries were sustained in the line of duty .
manuel pellegrini believes man city need to sign a world class superstar . the chilean insists it is important to splash the cash every other season . city brought in eliaquim mangala , fernando and bacary sagna in summer . manchester city face crystal palace at selhurst park on monday night .
amanda beringer asked her brother brad to make a toast at her wedding . instead of a speech , he wrote a song poking fun at the burdens of marriage . the perth man s musical toast had the wedding guests in stitches .
the 1915 fa cup final would be the last game in england for four years . so many soldiers in the terraces saw it be known as the khaki cup final . on friday it will be 100 years since the match was held at old trafford . sheffield united beat chelsea 3 0 but there was no parade for the victory . it was played on the same day thousands of allied troops were killed in a deadly german chlorine gas attack near ypres , belgium . earl of derby urged men not enlisted to play a sterner game for england .
agent arthur baldwin arrested in south east washington at 12 30 am friday . charged with a felony charge of first degree attempted burglary . agent baldwin , posted to foreign missions branch , was placed on leave . secret service bosses also suspended his security clearance .
lewis hamilton has been out in la ahead of the fifth race of the season . hamilton chauffeured younger brother nicolas around town in his cobra . mercedes driver has won three of his four races this calendar year . reigning champion heading to santa monica ahead of spanish grand prix . nicolas hamilton preparing for the british touring car championship .
real housewives of new jersey star has had his driving license suspended for two years and was fined the maximum of 10 , 000 . state judge called his driving record the worst he s ever seen it included 39 license suspensions . guilty plea included an 18 month sentence that will run concurrent with his 41 month federal sentence for bankruptcy fraud and failing to file taxes . wife teresa currently serving a 15 month federal sentence on the fraud charges and he will begin his sentence when hers is over .
police caught baggage handlers at miami international airport stealing from passenger luggage after installing a hidden camera . this as it is revealed that airline customers have reported 2 . 5 million in lost property from 2010 to 2014 . 31 employees have been arrested for theft at miami international airport since 2012 , including six this year . there have been 30 , 621 claims of missing valuables since 2010 , with most claims coming from john f . kennedy airport in new york . since 2002 , the tsa has fired 513 workers for theft , though it is now known how many of them faced criminal charges . last year , 16 employees at los angeles international airport were fired for theft after police searched their homes and found luxury items .
1 . 9 million foreigners are likely to be in the country at any one time in 2015 . this includes students , tourists and workers on short term visas . while permanent migrants is likely to exceed record of 185 , 000 set in 1969 . the current visa figures compare to those in the aftermath of world war ii .
commuters are now able to make phone calls and send texts via internet . the new technology rolled out by ee can be used at underground stations . it automatically connects to wi fi when a phone signal is unavailable .
man , 30 , is accused of using a female nurse s employee number to work . he worked for six weeks at aurukun primary health centre on cape york . man was charged with fraud after payroll raised the alarm with hospital . authorities are checking patient records to see who he interacted with .
pm appeared weary with bags under eyes at event in plymouth yesterday . in one day pm visited all four home nations in bid to secure votes . turbulent week also saw ed miliband overtake him as most popular leader .
demetrious johnson retains his ufc flyweight title . the 28 year old beat kyoji horiguchi by submission in montreal . quinton jackson beat fabio maldonado in ufc 186 co main event . win was jackson s first victory in the ufc since 2011 .
students at school in china pictured eating their lunches on the sidewalk . they say they are protesting the high school s disgusting canteen meals . the school in jilin province banned students from bringing their own food . teachers have erected barbed wire and metal sheets to prevent smuggling .
a british passport allows for visa free access to 174 countries . that is tied for the most , with finland , germany , sweden and the us . uk passport was 10th most expensive of 51 countries included in study . the uae , china , russia and czech republic all pay less than the uk .
the 57 year old woman was killed when her suv was hit by a train in meridian , mississippi . the coroner said the woman drove around functioning gates and flashers and collided with the southbound amtrak crescent .
jeremy trentelman , 36 , of ogden , built fort for young son and daughter . he received letter one day later saying it violated ordinance against waste . father plans on keeping castle up for 14 days before he receives fine .
former barcelona centre back carles puyol retired in may last year . but he could now be in line for a return with new york city or al sadd . puyol is reported to be training ahead of a comeback from retirement .
mls team orlando city the latest team to be linked with javier hernandez . the manchester united striker has not impressed on loan at real madrid . united have made andreas pereira an improved contract offer .
givenchy designer riccardo tisci , 40 , announced that donatella , 59 , will appear in his new ad campaign . the top designers work for competing fashion brands , but they are good friends in real life . riccardo once told donatella he would love to see her dressed in givenchy .
photographs taken by satellite show sandstorm hitting arabian peninsula . massive dust cloud was believed to be almost as large as the u . s . . it billowed across saudi arabia , the uae , oman and as far east as india .
mohammad shatnawi scored a bizzare own goal in the jordanian league . his al faisaly side were a goal down against rivals al whidat . he made a brave block but overhead kicked the rebound into his own net .
camel weighed 450kg and had to be hoisted into the kiln by a crane . mysterious marinade contains 36 herbs as well as eggs and black pepper . chef spent five days building the giant kiln with more than 10 , 000 bricks . first customer had queued for three hours for a portion . the street feast is a part of a tourism festival in xinjiang in northwest china .
woman threatened to jump off shanghai tower block after being dumped . dangled herself off ledge after police failed to talk her down . fireman xu weiguo climbed out and grabbed her arm just as she was attempting to push herself off .
dina nemtsova , 13 , made debut in photoshoot for russian fashion label . her mother i m trying to help her overcome terrible killing of her father . nemtsov was gunned down near kremlin while walking with his girlfriend .
record numbers have flocked to see local boy jordan spieth in action . spieth and phil mickelson have been gearing up for the masters . texas born spieth quit university in order to concentrate on golf career .
real madrid drew 0 0 with atletico in the champions league on tuesday . players that did n t start the clash returned to training on wednesday . there was no sign of cristiano ronaldo and the rest of tuesday s starters . real return to la liga action against malaga at the bernabeu on saturday .
jef rouner from houston , texas says his daughter was forced to wear jeans and a t shirt with her spaghetti strap sundress . the father expresses frustration that only girls are targeted by school dress codes even at such a young age . he finds it shocking that a dress his daughter wore to church was deemed inappropriate .
fernando hierro reckons real madrid can win the champions league again . the club legend believes winning the trophy is in the club s genes . carlo ancelotti s men face city rivals atletico madrid in the quarter finals . click here for all the latest real madrid news .
new jersey institute of technology research reveals stunning video . it shows a solar flux rope taking shape on the sun . twisting groups of magnetic fields writhe around a central axis . and the rope ultimately causes a bright flash a solar flare to form .
the video shows two men and one woman entering the los angeles home . they re seen tip toeing through the house before entering another room . but then one suspect returns and looks straight at the camera before he ducks and knocks it down . the lapd released the film in hopes it will help catch the burglars , described as being age 17 to 20 .
a new survey found seven in 10 people end up injured while doing diy . poll of 2 , 000 people found 68 say they or their partner have ended up hurt . two in five said they injured their back and one in five had cut themselves .
seven years ago , insurance saleswoman katia apalategui lost her father . her grieving mother coped with loss by sniffing late husband s pillowcase . inspired her to come up with permanent way to capture person s scent . but bottles of loved ones perfume will set customers back 400 a bottle .
ac dc drummer phil rudd pleads guilty to threatening to kill and drug charges . court summary revealed that rudd had ordered for his personal assistant to be taken out . police found methamphetamine and cannabis in his new zealand home in november .
van was driving down dual carriageway near coastal city of sal , morocco . footage shows the moment it starts repeatedly swerving across two lanes . video taken by following motorist captures van crashing down on its side .
manchester city have been linked with summer move for raheem sterling . sterling has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal . brendan rodgers says a move to city would not be step up for sterling . indicating it will take the manchester club 20 years to eclipse liverpool .
oldham have signed 16 year old winger ronaldo brown . brown was released by liverpool and has joined the league one club . he is named after brazilian ronaldo and has a brother called rivaldo . brown also has a younger sister called trezeguet .
brawl caught on video at langham creek high school , houston . the mother , who has not been identified , was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter . a circle of students watch the brawl from the sidelines the video was later posted on social media .
manjinder virk will play pathologist dr kam karimore in itv police drama . it is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor in the tv show . it is four years since a producer said it was the last bastion of englishness . brian true may said show would n t work with ethnic minority characters . his comments caused a race storm that left itv shocked and appalled .
darren jones was seen swaying on his feet moments before going on air . the 28 year old stepped away from his podium with seconds to spare . he collapsed in front of the audience on made in bristol s decision made . later the candidate said he had been feeling poorly all day before show .
people who have never been divorced can expect an extra 2 , 100 a year . survey found one in five divorcees who stop work this year will have debts . debt of divorced retiree averages at 22 , 100 , according to prudential report .
mick schumacher signed deal with van amersfoort racing last month . 16 year old is son of seven time f1 world champion michael schumacher . mick makes official formula 4 pre season test debut at oschersleben . team mate is harrison newey , son of red bull designer adrian .
the star wars digital collection is set for release this week . special features include behind the scenes stories on the unique alien sounds from the movie .
during a flex cam break at a philadelphia soul game on april 12 a woman proved that she had the bigger muscles than the man in front of her . video of the unidentified woman s robust display at the arena football league game has over 300 , 000 views on youtube . the woman shames the man in front of her and perhaps everyone in the arena with her gigantic arms .
liverpool striker daniel sturridge is missing for game against newcastle . brendan rodgers says he will be monitored ahead of fa cup semi final . liverpool face aston villa at wembley stadium on sunday afternoon . rodgers also said he believes the race for the top four is not over yet .
adnan januzaj turned up at the snooker world championship in sheffield . the manchester united winger cheered on shaun murphy in last eight . murphy beat anthony mcgill to reach the semi finals at the crucible .
israeli law says the prime minister must form his government in less than 42 days . netanyahu cites government stability and reaching agreement on important issues as reasons he needs additional time .
liu guijuan shared pictures of the headdress on chinese social media . headpiece is said to cost 10 , 775 and uses feathers from 80 kingfishers . conservationists criticised miss liu as condoning animal cruelty . artist fought back stating she bought the luxurious piece in name of art .
in february , ukip unveiled 50 , 000 cap on those being given visas for uk . farage then refused to have arbitrary targets , before moving it to 30 , 000 . tories accused mr farage of making up his policies as he goes along . mr farage has denied his party has made any u turns on immigration .
alert issued over rogue workers in nuclear , transport and public services . mi5 giving advice on risk posed by employees working in sensitive areas . follows actions of pilot andreas lubitz who killed 150 people in the alps . a ba pilot claims his airline does not carry out mental health checks .
brian gewirtz , 20 , left his home in brooklyn , new york , on february 17 . he did n t return , sparking a frantic search from his family . his body was found in a creek near the marine park golf club . police said he may have walked into the park and got disorientated .
burlesque star , 42 , is offering workshops at canyon ranch , arizona . learn how to strut and skillfully remove garters , stockings and gloves . wellness experts will discuss sensuality , intimacy and sexual health .
no one knows who put up the signs in the municipality of lastres . the signs show a figure defecating within a red circle with a line across it . angry residents claim pilgrims have defecated outside their homes .
manchester city defeated west ham 2 0 in their premier league clash . david silva was taken to hospital after a challenge by chiekhou kouyate . spain international has allayed fans fears with a twitter message .
the popular joejoe has over 60 , 000 followers on instagram . capybara stands calmly in the bath with three ducklings on its back . giant rodent lives in las vegas with his owner cody kennedy .
jonathan trott will be given chance to reinvent himself as an opener . alastair cook feels trott is ready to return to the england squad . the batsman has been impressive for his side warwickshire .
the new horizons spacecraft captures image of pluto and its largest moon . it s set to reveal new details as it nears the remote area of the solar system .
anderson silva met with brazilian taekwondo officials on wednesday . silva is currently suspended by ufc after failing drug tests . however , the former ufc champion will fight for olympics taekwondo spot .
prince charles and camilla will celebrate their anniversary later this week . the couple were married in april 2005 after their engagement in february . in 2005 , only seven per cent of people thought camilla should be queen . almost half are in favour of queen camilla when charles takes the throne .
silas and eli keslar , both 18 months old , drowned in an arizona canal . their mother was trying to fend of a bee when the stroller rolled away , police say .
landlady deborah steel , 37 , was last seen alive on 28 december 1997 . police have dug up the patio of the royal standard pub where she worked . a 73 year old man is on bail and two others have had theirs cancelled . detectives believe she was murdered , but body has never been found .
warrington slipped to their third straight defeat in the super league . game was delayed for eight minutes after a flare thrown by visiting fans . widnes captain captain kevin brown returned to inspire them to victory .
first broadcast hosted by a man with an american sounding accent . the news bulletin spends almost 10 minutes going over the day s events . boasts of roasting the flesh of opponents and martyrdom operations . isis commanders already have an english magazine to communicate . comes days after announcement that all isis nurses must speak english .
micahmedia uploaded the 28 second video demonstrating his method . video currently has more than 16million views on youtube . the four step method only requires a glass and some water .
tateyama kurobe alpine route opened to the public on today allowing guests to marvel at the colossal snow walls . the 1000ft section can be walked by visitors , and usually draws a million tourists every year . the snowy section is part of a 37km route , with sights such as kurobe dam and the hida mountains on the way .
mama june shannon and mike sugar bear thompson have filed a missing persons report after his older brother disappeared three days ago . billy thompson was last seen on saturday at sugar bear s home in mcintyre , georgia . the family are especially worried because billy has been struggling to find work and recently suffered a difficult split from the mother of his children . since april 11 he has n t been seen and he is n t returning phone calls or texts .
martin guptill has been recalled to the new zealand test squad . guptill has not represented the black caps at test level since 2013 . paceman matt henry has been called up to the test squad for the first time . james neesham will miss the tour because of a hamstring injury .
josh meekings deliberately handled the ball during inverness s 3 2 scottish cup semi final victory against celtic . meekings escaped punishment for the act during the game . in the aftermath of the 3 2 extra time win , meekings admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and been red carded . on thursday , the inverness defender was cleared to play in the scottish cup final against falkirk on may 30 .
david cameron claims he is a west ham fan during a speech . the prime minister has previously said he supported aston villa . the tory leader apologised , saying he experienced brain fade .
manchester united flop anderson was sent off for internacional this week . anderson saw red for an off the ball shove during the first half of 1 1 draw . team mate fabricio stole the limelight by swearing at his own fans .
authorities believe the two shootings are connected . a suspect leads police on a wild chase , firing at multiple locations . a census bureau guard is in critical condition , a fire official says .
arsenal forward olivier giroud has scored 18 goals this season . gunners boss arsene wenger praised animal instincts of frenchman . arsenal remain 10 points behind leaders chelsea in the title race . read arsenal midfielder mesut ozil needs to produce in big games . francis coquelin giroud can lead arsenal to the premier league title .
a passenger caught a driver reading the paper on a bus in auckland , nz . he sent the video to bus company ritchies coachlines with a complaint . his boss said he was embarrassed by the idiot driver s actions .
pilot stopped during security checks as the flight prepared to depart on saturday night . cathay pacific runs regular flights between its hong kong hub and london . the male pilot has been bailed pending an investigation .
maria sharapova lost to angelique kerber in stuttgart on thursday . the german fought back to claim a 2 6 , 7 5 , 6 1 victory . sharapova will now be replaced by simona halep as the world no 2 .
schweinsteiger will miss dfb pokal tie with bayer leverkusen . germany captain suffered ankle injury in 1 0 win over borussia dortmund . bayern confirmed the injury was n t serious but he did n t train on monday . reserve goalkeeper tom starke ruled out for four weeks . arjen robben and franck ribery are also on the bayern injury list .
five year old had accidentally been locked in by grandma . she ran to the window to shout her but fell between the metal slats . neighbours used piece of pipe and other items to take weight off neck . emergency crews arrived 30 minutes later to free her from railings .
the dog named stains required a cut because of the warm weather . owner decided pet pooch needed a new look and got it cut like lion . video captures the owner laughing hysterically while filming results .
an anonymous post on pastebin . com claims to reveal addresses of fbi director james comey , dhs director charles johnson and others . also included in the post were p . o . box addresses the writer claims are used by the cia as cover addresses . the post also read jesus is lord , and the public is in charge , not these satanic nwo stooges .
chelsea were n t awarded a penalty for david ospina s clash with oscar . arsenal goalkeeper clattered oscar inside the box . brazilian was taken off at half time , with didier drogba replacing him .
ben stokes dad gerard tweets his approval of marlon samuels salute . joe root moves to 2 , 000 test runs , faster than sachin tendulkar . stuart broad wastes another review , branded the worst of his career .
susan monica , from southern oregon , allegedly killed two handymen living on her pig ranch . defense lawyer garren pedemonte said monica shot the first victim in self defense and the second as a kind of mercy killing . monica claimed she shot robert harry haney , 56 , to put him out of his misery because she found her pigs already feeding on him .
darwin s ruben costa impersonated police officer to find his wife and child . he came home from work to find his wife had left with his young son . costa called a taxi company , pretending to be a police officer searching for a woman who had abducted a child . the taxi company were able to provide costa with his wife s location . costa confronted his wife at the women s refuge where she had fled . costa was handed a suspended sentence for his devious actions .
in first meeting of the season between the rivals power outage delayed game 16 minutes in the 12th inning . the game lasted six hours and 49 minutes pushing past 2am on saturday east coast time and came to an end after 19 innings .
hobart international airport s website hacked by islamic state supporters . tasmanian police were made aware of the incident at 5 . 30 am on sunday . the website is temporarily shut down , police are monitoring the airport . no threats were made towards hobart airport or flight operations .
footage shot at domodedovo airport in russia . man curls into foetal positions as he whizzes round on conveyor . some passengers take photos , but most concentrate on spotting their luggage .
quavious marshall , 24 , kirschnick ball , 20 , and kiari cephus , 23 , were escorted off the georgia southern university campus on saturday night . famous for 2013 hit versace . multiple guns , marijuana and another undisclosed drug were discovered inside their tour van . they reportedly face charges of drug possession possession of firearms in a school safety zone and during the commission of a crime .
two raiders tried to attack a jewellery shop in wigan , greater manchester . they smashed in with an axe and sledgehammer but a brave employee managed to hold them back . criminals escaped on a motorbike but witness caught them on camera . police are now appealing for information to help them catch the raiders .
independent commission for reform in cycling circ concluded that the uci colluded with lance armstrong to cover up allegations . hein verbruggen was criticised as events occurred under his leadership . verbruggen has revealed he is having the report analysed by lawyers .
the football association does not believe the competition suits their needs . wayne rooney among players who competed in previous tournaments . gareth southgate claims player development is reason behind withdrawal .
a 13 year old girl has gone missing from her sydney home . melissa borg , from baulkham hills , has n t been seen since thursday . she left the house at 7 30 to go to seven hills school but never made it . when her father got home from work he alerted police . a picture of melissa in her blue school uniform has been released .
friends of tuti yusupova claim she was born in uzbekistan in 1880 . officials believe her birth certificate and passport can prove her age . they have asked the guinness book of records to update their figures . the previous record holder jeanne calment was 122 when she died .
an author says avengers director joss whedon and cabin director drew goddard stole his idea . peter gallagher alleges similarities to his the little white trip a night in the pines from 2006 .
three tons of ivory discovered in second biggest bust in thailand s history . it had travelled via sri lanka , malaysia and singapore on a ship from kenya . last week , thailand seized four tons of tusks smuggled from congo .
jimmy white lost 10 8 to matthew selt in world championship qualifying . the whirlwind had been up 7 2 after the morning session . but selt reeled off eight off the evening s nine frames to go through . six time world champion steve davis lost 10 1 to kurt maflin .
antonio di natale played alongside alexis sanchez at serie a side udinese . former italy forward claims chile star was his best ever strike partner , which have included francesco totti and alessandro del piero . di natale claims arsenal forward is better than barcelona star neymar .
lazio host empoli at the stadio olimpico in serie a on sunday . roman outfit secured spot in coppa italia final in midweek . beat napoli 2 1 on aggregate and will face juventus in the final . defender mauricio captures fans celebrations with selfie stick .
daniel andersson , helsinborg s 42 year old kit man , kept a clean sheet . the emergency stopper played in season opener against kalmar . henrik larsson s first choice goalkeepers were both out injured . the former goalkeeper earned one cap for sweden back in 2001 .
huge inflatable nicknamed ba di has been placed at a commercial complex . doll features a slide , ball pit and a sex education area for children to visit . inflatable woman is entered through the right heel and exited via the left .
manchester united beat manchester city 4 2 at old trafford on sunday . gary neville praised united s recent performances against big clubs . he said that was a proper performance they ve put in out there today . niall quinn said it was united s best performance since sir alex ferguson .
statue in wuhan , central china , depicts country s first ruler and his wife . tourists fondling her exposed breast has damaged statue , officials say . legend has it that yu was lead to wife by a magical nine tailed fox .
police some suspects involved in pakistan blast that killed , injured more than 300 . evidence suggests vatican was discussed as a possible target in march 2010 , police say . state news some members of alleged terrorist cell had direct contact with osama bin laden .
paul smith is set to face andre ward in oakland , california on june 20 . liverpool fighter is not expected to challenge for ward s wba world title . smith has lost back to back world title challenges against arthur abraham while the american is undefeated in 27 games .
former another level star dane bowers has been charged with assault . he is accused of hitting his ex fianc e former miss wales sophie cahill . allegedly hit the model and gave her a bloody nose in front of her son . he will appear before magistrates next month to face the charge .
experts say older workers are left behind in workplace because of training . this left them vulnerable when companies start shedding jobs , they claim . the association of accounting technicians say older workers must reskill .
jessica ennis hill to compete for the first time since giving birth . mo farah and greg rutherford also set to take part in anniversary games . anniversary games set to take place between july 24 26 .
models put aside their fear of heights to strut along a mountain path in central china . the challenge was part of the annual miss bikini of the universe contest , which has been running since 2005 . competition tests if people can keep their cool and has previously seen contestants parade in 16 degrees celsius .
clinton s signature black customized van was parked in a spot reserved for the disabled in council bluffs , iowa . hillary walked right past an unmistakable blue parking sign to climb into the van , nicknamed scooby . meeting inside cafe lasted 90 minutes and was reportedly so sensitive that democratic party insiders were told to hand over cameras and cell phones . secret service are technically federal law enforcement officers and the vehicle is never left unattended , so there was no chance of a parking ticket .
jacob polyakov plunged off the sec globe centre in kiev , ukraine . 17 year old cracked his head open and is now in intensive care . friend jamal maslow broke his coccyx after landing on corner of step .
mother of three georgina rojas medina , 41 , was shot and killed by her common law husband on saturday night . gerardo tovar , 44 , then turned the gun on himself in tulare , california . the couple s bodies were discovered by their 4 year old daughter who walked out of the house and asked a neightbor to call the police . the 4 year old girl and two other siblings , ages 10 and 12 , were not hurt in the shooting .
manchester united beat manchester city 4 2 at old trafford on sunday . ashley young , marouane fellaini , juan mata and chris smalling all scored . internet pranksters ripped into the barclays premier league champions .
david potchen , 53 , robbed bank and sat on curb waiting for police in june . he had served 12 and a half years starting in 2000 before parole . potchen lost job and housing before spending night in the woods . judge gave him conversion charge and will drop recent robbery charge if he stays out of trouble for a year . he is employed as welder and estranged cousins are taking care of him .
queensland teen was born a girl but wears a boy s school uniform . he has lived in misery for years and has even contemplated suicide . a brisbane court was told i have the mentality of a dude . teens must be 16 years old before they can ask for hormone jabs . the injections are the second stage of gender changing treatment . a child is assessed by at least five doctors before treatment is given .
cesc fabregas has not been at his best since turn of the year . oscar was withdrawn at half time in win over stoke city on saturday . nemanja matic not in the best condition according to jose mourinho . but chelsea manager determined to stick with his stars in title race .
french climber alain robert scaled the 75 storey cayan tower . daredevil assisted by nothing more than sticky tape and chalk . the 52 year old took an hour and a half to ascend the high rise . video captures daredevil struggling over a ledge on building .
eden hazard was substituted 62 minutes into belgium s win in israel . manager marc wilmots said he believed hazard looked to be tiring . chelsea playmaker questioned the decision but admitted he could be tired . read chelsea star hazard rated europe s best midfielder . click here for the latest chelsea news .
there are no english clubs left in the champions league or europa league . diego simeone admits he is surprised at the plight of premier league sides . he believes barcelona and real madrid are the top two clubs in europe . atletico madrid face real madrid in their champions league quarter final .
sam gallagher helped southampton claim u21 premier league cup . striker scored stunning goal in front of first team manager ronald koeman . gallagher has n t featured this season after impressing last year .
nakhi wells opened the scoring after an error from on loan zeki fryers . james vaughan doubled the advantage after 30 minutes for the home side . luke varney pulled one back for ipswich straight after the break . ipswich have now lost four out of five away in the championship .
officer jeffrey swett was allegedly run over by william bogard in january . suspect stole officer s car while it was running , according to prosecutors . swett suffered broken arms , broken leg and severe head and neck trauma . video of incident was played during preliminary hearing in court on friday . bogard pleaded not guilty to charges including murder , assault and theft .
man , 36 , arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder abdul hadi arwani . syrian imam was found shot dead in his car on a street in wembley . leslie cooper , 36 , has already appeared in court accused of murder . burnell mitchell , 61 , and a 53 year old woman were also arrested on suspicion of terror offences .
chancey luna convicted of murder for gunning down oklahoma college student as he jogged . police luna and his friends were bored so they decided to kill somebody .
svetlana kuznetsova beats julia goerges in straight sets in fed cup . anastasia pavlyuchenkova defeats sabine lisicki for 2 0 lead .
real madrid beat rayo vallecano 2 0 in la liga on wednesday night . cristiano ronaldo scored his 300th goal for the spanish giants . ronaldo was also booked for diving in the area but it appeared unfair . now the european champions are appealing the decision . if appeal is unsuccessful the ballon d or winner will face one match ban . click here for all the latest real madrid news .
kayla mooney , who is in her first year teaching in danbury , connecticut , engaged in sexual contact with a male student off campus last year . she appeared in court on monday but arraignment was postponed after her attorney requested evidence from prosecutors . she turned herself in march following a seven week long police investigation after administrators learned of the alleged relationship .
miranda has one year left on his contract with atletico madrid . atletico madrid are reportedly keen to cash in this summer . chelsea and atletico held talks over miranda last summer .
episodes for the next four weeks released saturday night on pirate sites . illegal material thought to have leaked through press review copies . show is the most pirated in the world , with brazil the worst offender .
kelsey higley filmed her body in 126 different digitally altered poses . student wanted to show how body would look if she modeled it like clay . manipulation project challenges changing images of beauty . vimeo video features nipped in waist , large breasts and huge eyes .
patricia ebel , 49 , was arrested on friday after crashing her luxary bmw 5 series into a car that was stopped at an intersection in naples , florida . she was captured on video staggering as she failed all field sobriety tests . ebel had been driving her 10 year old grandson in the vehicle after a day at the pool . she is facing dui charges including driving with a . 15 or greater blood alcohol content with a minor in the car .
steve clarke thinks that scheduling needs to better for the fa cup . reading s semi final clashes with chelsea against manchester united . clarke admits that without improvements , the fa cup will lose its appeal .
harry kane has been in superb form for tottenham this season , netting 30 goals for the club while also scoring on his senior england debut . fa chairman greg dyke has revealed that kane wants to play for england s under 21s side at the european championships this summer . however , tottenham are concerned about the striker overplaying .
liverpool and newcastle players took part in a minute silence . on 15 april 1989 , 96 liverpool fans were crushed to death at hillsborough . match at anfield took place two days before 26th anniversary . former newcastle captain bobby moncur laid flowers at memorial .
remote control device had miniscule levels of radioactive substance . follows protests over plans to restart two nuclear reactors . fears over nuclear policy stem from fukushima disaster after tsunami . prime minister shinzo abe was not in residence at the time .
most victims of the disaster were high school students . president park geun hye promised to actively consider raising it . officials said it would cost 68million if weather conditions are good . sewol s captain was jailed for 36 years for gross negligence last year .
joanna flynn , 50 , also charged with criminal negligence causing death . this should never have happened , widower of alleged victim tells media . deanna leblanc died last year at georgian bay general hospital , ontario .
it s national park week , and that means the parks are free april 18 19 . stargazing , revolutionary war programs and other fun happens this week .
dikembe mutombo was an eight times nba all star famous for swatting away opponents shots and wagging his finger at them . he has been elected to the naismith memorial basketball hall of fame . mutombo played in the nba from 1991 until 2009 , and mostly spent his 18 seasons with denver , atlanta and houston . .
huddersfield have plummeted to ninth in super league after a horrible easter . paul anderson admits his misfiring side need to change going forward . they face catalan dragons , who have the best defence around , on sunday .
teri o neil , 30 , filmed her daughter when she was six months pregnant . the youngster pulls a cheeky face and struts about the room with dad . 15 month old olivia is delighted with her impression .
current federal government guidelines dictate the people should limit their salt intake to 2 , 300 milligrams . scientists now believe a typical healthy person can consume as much as 6 , 000 milligrams per day without significantly raising health risks . the same skeptics also warn of the health risks associated with consuming less than 3 , 000 milligrams . average american ingests about 3 , 500 milligrams of salt per day .
stephanie fragoso cited wednesday after she was stopped in las vegas . nevada highway patrol cop said she was applying makeup while driving . distracted driving fines range from 50 for the first offense up to 250 . higher enforcement as state hopes to have zero driving fatalities in 2015 .
philippe coutinho has been nominated for pfa player of the year . brazil international arrived at liverpool from inter milan for 8 . 5 m in 2013 . serie a side admit they should have shown more patience with reds star .
unidentified teen was released on monday from juvenile detention into custody of child protective services , district attorney said . jondrew lachaux , 39 , and kellie phillips , 38 , face child abuse charges . lachaux allegedly sexually assaulted the teen and she became pregnant . four month old girl was released from hospital and turned over on monday to custody of child protective services .
owner had used formula 1 car and hot air balloon to deliver in the past . drone was being operated from back of a truck that followed behind . local tv filmed as bladed device carried several asparagus stalks in can . crashed shortly after recharging mid way through the flight .
alfonso thomas to coach in indian premier league this month . veteran somerset bowler has agreed a deal with the delhi daredevils . 2015 edition of indian premier league to begin on april 8 .
david meyler is confident hull will remain in the premier league . the midfielder has warned his team mates they are facing tough period . hull are currently just three points above the relegation drop zone .
super league title sponsors first utility have announced a new format for the competition s player of the month award . working with rugby dedicated newspaper league weekly , a shortlist of players will be drawn up each month for fans to vote on via facebook . voters will be entered into a prize draw with one lucky supporter being given the opportunity to present the award to the winning player .
nba s all time leading scorer had quadruple coronary bypass surgery . six time league champion admitted this week with cardiovascular disease . surgery was a success and 68 year old is expected to make a full recovery . abdul jabbar was diagnosed with chronic myeloid leukemia in 2008 . appointed as us cultural ambassador by hillary rodham clinton in 2012 .
aston villa s players were sent in messages ahead of fa cup semi final . tim sherwood s side face liverpool in fa cup clash at wembley stadium . jack grealish posted snap of encouraging message written by a supporter . brad guzan also revealed the contents of his dressing room message .
bangladesh beat fellow world cup quarter finalists pakistan by 79 runs . tamim iqbal and mushfiqur rahim scored centuries for bangladesh . bangladesh made 329 for six and pakistan could only muster 250 in reply . pakistan will have the chance to level the three match series on sunday .
ander herrera nets either side of wayne rooney in manchester united win . red devils beat aston villa 3 1 in the premier league on saturday . midfielder herrera full of praise for captain and striker rooney .
fernando alonso , 34 , signed a three year deal with mclaren this year . spanish driver says this will be his last venture in formula one . mclaren have struggled for pace in first two grand prix of the season . alonso says he expects success will come it is just a matter of time .
bobbi kristina brown has global and irreversible brain damage , her grandmother says . we can only trust in god for a miracle at this time , cissy houston says . bobby brown , her father , had said at a concert that she was awake .
patties food insists testing has n t found link between their berries hep a . there was a national hepatitis a outbreak in january which resulted in 34 people in six states contracting the virus . all 34 people who contacted hep a had consumed the china grown berries . the 1kg product remains off supermarket shelves until further notice . . the company says there was no systemic error but confirm they are considering alternative supply sources .
orlando city have not won any of their last three mls fixtures . kaka took to instagram to give fans a glimpse of his fitness regime . the brazilian has become an instant hero in the us after leaving ac milan . orlando city take on the portland timbers on sunday .
stoll is a center who has played for the kings since 2008 . he is reportedly involved with sportscaster and dancing with the stars host erin andrews .
ex brazil striker ronaldo is a co owner of fort lauderdale strikers . ronaldo insists the club will target signing the best players in the world . ronaldo believes the lifestyle in the united states appeals to top players .
in an interview , armani , 80 , described cosmetic surgery as idiocy . believes women should not be desperate to look younger than her age . the italian designer also said he did n t like men who looked too muscly .
serena williams defeated sara errani for the united states in the fed cup . world no 1 was a set down before fighting back and winning the tie . heavy wind made it difficult for the players throughout the game .
latasha gosling , 27 , of tisdale , saskatchewan , was found murdered in her home early wednesday . her two daughters , janyaa , 4 , and jenika , 8 , and her son landen , 7 , were also discovered dead . hours later police found the suspect dead at his residence , along with a six month old baby who was unharmed . police are not releasing much information at this time , but did reveal the suspect and victims knew one another .
adam federici s error gave arsenal a 2 1 victory in fa cup semi final . federici fumbled alexis sanchez s shot allowing it to go through his legs . federici left the pitch in tears and apolgised for his error after the game . fa cup final is on may 30 same day federici will marry his girlfriend . there is no suggestion , however , that he let the goal in on purpose .
the pets wear tulle wedding dresses and tuxedos with bow ties . couples are given marriage certificates after exchanging vows . wedding is organised to promote a social media app designed for pets . no expense spared as pooches arrived in bmws and a stretch hummer .
psg trail barcelona 3 1 in champions league quarter finals . zinedine zidane is confident french side can win and progress . zlatan ibrahimovic is available after returning from suspension .
real madrid host granada at the bernabeu in la liga fixture on sunday . james rodriguez colombia , toni kroos germany , gareth bale wales , cristiano ronaldo portugal and luka modric croatia all available . lionel messi in barcelona squad to play celta vigo after foot injury . inter milan draw again in serie a while ac milan continue resurgent form .
ryan mason celebrated england s equaliser against italy on tuesday night . the senior england debutant s tattoo took centre stage on social media . one twitter user likened it to himself at age 12 and got 20 , 000 retweets .
manchester city midfielder james milner is out of contract in the summer . milner will not be rushed into making final decision over his future . brendan rodgers has lined up milner to fill void left by steven gerrard . arsenal and everton are also keen on signing milner in summer .
salvina formosa does weights and sit to stand exercises every week . the 101 year old recently tripped over an uneven footpath . she has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness . the sydney mother celebrated her 101th birthday on march 16 . the centenarian is going strong and there s no sign of her slowing down .
the magazine usually carries tributes from nearly every major party leader . where milband s message is expected , the page is blank with sharp rebuke . chief of self employed organisation , ipse , called decision disappointing .
eden hazard scored in chelsea s 2 1 home win against stoke city . the belgium playmaker also claimed an assist by setting up loic remy . hazard wants to bring the premier league trophy to stamford bridge . the blues are currently seven points ahead of second placed arsenal .
the couple were invited to fit bungs into two single malt whiksy casks . they are known as the duke and duchess of rothesay in scotland . both wore tartan for the visit . will have to wait 8 10 years for a tipple while the whisky matures .
liverpool fc boss brendan rodgers has scouted pedro . barcelona forward pedro is considering his future at the nou camp . raheem sterling could leave liverpool after rejecting 100 , 000 a week deal . arsenal , chelsea and manchester city are keen on the liverpool star . adrian durham the real problem with sterling contract saga at liverpool . read real madrid are monitoring raheem sterling , reveals zidane . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
top gear tour will go ahead as clarkson and the bbc reach an agreement . presenter will keep quiet on his sacking so the live shows can still go on . bbc feared he would use the global tour to vent his anger at former bosses . the shows have been renamed and will not feature any top gear branding .
abdulkadir zeyat , wife antika , and six children were discovered at home . authorities suspect food poisoning or a gas leak for their tragic deaths . neighbours became concerned when they noticed house was eerily quiet . only survivor was couple s eldest son kemal zeyat who d been out at work .
sadie the german shepherd was filmed at home in alberta , canada , switching on an electric keyboard with her nose and sitting down to play . instead of classical music , the pooch appears to recite a minimalist piece with clashing notes and no time signature . after a 20 second rendition , she decides she s had enough for one day and turns around to take a bow .
paul gregory said he could only walk 200 metres in blue badge application . however , council staff noticed 51 year old in newspaper report after hike . article described gregory as an experienced walker on a three day trek . gregory fined 795 after admitting to dishonestly obtaining a blue badge .
liverpool players mario balotelli , fabio borini , rickie lambert and lazar markovic believed that bas van velzen was acompetition winner . the reds players were all set to give van velzen a free kick masterclass . but van velzen s dead ball skills became apparent very quickly . click here for the latest liverpool news .
putin has spent hours fielding questions from the general public on live television . sanctions and russia s deep economic crisis are a major theme .
joe root threw bat down in his anger when he was denied double century . england s root was 182 not out when james anderson was run out . jason holder ran anderson out after the bowler strolled back to wicket . pair kissed and made up as they made way in for lunch during the west indies second innings .
madeline luciano was fired after an investigation into the incident last june . but new york teacher claims the exercise was meant to stop the bullying . luciano , 40 , has launched court action to get her teaching licence back .
general in charge of us army recruiting has warned that america s growing obesity epidemic is becoming a national security issue . major general allen batschelet says 10 percent of young men and women are currently refused because they are too heavy . current trends project that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers by the end of the decade . maximum body fat percentage that the army allows for recruits aged 17 20 is 20 percent for men and 30 percent for females .
piers morgan calls for arsenal to replace their long serving manager . morgan says jurgen klopp would be our mourinho if he joined arsenal . gunners fan says klopp is perfect for arsenal .
lydia kelm , 23 , was arrested with a dui charge after driving to a mcdonald s nearly naked and refusing to complete her order . restaurant workers yelled repeatedly for kelm to pull up to the drive through window , but she revved her engine and backed up instead . kelm s blood alcohol level was . 247 three times the legal limit .
queensland woman roxy walsh found an inscribed gold ring in bali . the sentimental jewellery piece was found at a bali resort on tuesday . she launched a campaign to return the ring to the people who own it . ms walsh said she has found the owner and will meet the joe and jenny for breakfast in noosa on sunday . it s unknown when the ring was lost or where the couple are from .
mark selby leads kurt maflin 6 3 and needs only four more frames to win . no first time champion in sheffield has returned to retain the trophy . selby and maflin shared the first four frames before selby pulled away . marco fu leads jimmy robertson 5 4 after break of 66 in final frame .
exeter and gloucester will go head to head for place in inaugural final . winner will face either newport gwent dragons , london irish or edinburgh . david ewers helped his side into a 17 6 half time lead .
lebron james posted an unhappy picture at the dentist on instagram . his visit to the dentist s chair follows his first triple double for cleveland . james brought 20 points , 10 rebounds and 12 assists in win over chicago .
manchester united , tottenham and chelsea are all travelling abroad after the end of the premier league season . arsene wenger has decided not to extend arsenal s summer tour . the gunners face relegation candidates burnley on saturday .
skytrax found kansai international as the top airport for baggage handling . kansai has not lost a single piece of luggage in the 21 years its been open . in recent ranking of top 10 airports , seven of the ten are located in asia .
neymar helped brazil beat chile 1 0 at the emirates stadium last weekend . barcelona won the el clasico to go four points clear at the top of la liga . luis enrique s side take on celta vigo in la liga on sunday .
alejandro bouvier of uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day .
the car crashed when a left rear tire tread separated on the florida turnpike on saturday . the crash took place at about 4 45 p . m . uriel miranda , 38 , who was in the car with his wife and seven children as well as his three brothers , died at the scene . his daughter , yaretsi miranda , 2 , died along with yordi miranda , 8 . troopers say all 12 occupants were relatives from apopka . police report indicated half of them were n t wearing seat belts .
swedish scientists analysed more than 10 , 000 families in the study . 58 children with diabetes had also been badly affected by previous events . other factors include viral infection , diet and early weight gain .
ronny deila criticised the st mirren park pitch after friday night s win . celtic beat st mirren 2 0 away from home in the scottish premiership . teale insists deila s criticism was unjustified and unfair on the club .
metal bars have been fitted to close off balconies facing central court at hengshui no 2 middle school . two students have plunged to death on campus since last october . the school is well known for its highly stressful environment . all students must get up at 5 30 am and study for 10 hours a day .
west brom chairman jeremy peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in america , china and australia . some of the parties have already had a tour of the club s training facilities . peace owns 77 per cent of the premier league club and is looking to sell the club for between 150m and 200m .
youtube videos show four month old noah monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father s hand as he s lifted through the air . he apparently started performing the circus act when he was a month old . but now more than a year on it appears he could be getting a little too heavy for his father to lift in the palm of his hand .
artist and journalist alison nastasi put together the portrait collection . also features images of picasso , frida kahlo , and john lennon . reveals quaint personality traits shared between artists and their felines .
gul ahmad saeed suspected of shooting fiancee , her parents and siblings . said to have been infuriated about her uncle s indecisiveness over match . saeed , 25 , had already allegedly killed four members of his own family . has been on the run from police since their deaths earlier this year .
the body of a baby girl was found inside a plastic bag in a trash can outside the delta gamma theta at muskingum university last week . an autopsy has now revealed that the baby was born alive and was nearly full term but died from asphyxiation . the child s mother , whose name has not been released , has spoken with police but has not been charged .
timothy crook is alleged to have murdered his elderly parents . he is then accused of driving their bodies 150 miles in a nissan micra . but crook s defence lawyer has accused prosecutors of losing the car . police say the micra is n t lost and is somewhere in the north of england .
harry kane nominated for pfa player of the year after prolific season . eden hazard and diego costa from chelsea also in contention . philippe coutinho , david de gea and alexis sanchez also up for the award .
anders lindegaard posted instagram photo with model wife misse beqiri . the man utd goalkeeper tied the knot with beqiri last year . lindegaard is third choice keeper at old trafford under louis van gaal .
the newly discovered species looks a lot like kermit . you can see its internal organs through the translucent skin on its belly .
gareth shoulder is a member of the generation 2015 election youth panel . used twitter to make disparaging remark about cameron and son ivan . 24 year old was speaking in his own capacity , a bbc spokesman said .
police say an inebriated sergio barrientos hinojosa had his 13 year old son take him to buy beer at the gas station . once there , he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer , according to authorities . investigators say the father ordered his son to drive away while he fired his gun in the air . police pulled over the car near the gas station .
chris gayle posted an instagram photo behind the dj decks on tuesday . gayle is in india ahead of the ipl season with royal challengers bangalore . royal challengers bangalore begin at kolkata knight riders on saturday . click here to read sportsmail s ipl preview ahead of the tournament .
mindfulness for travel series includes meditative videos and other tips . for the programme , british airways teamed up with expert mark coleman . the endeavour is in celebration of the new london to san francisco route .
malijah grant was allowed to die on saturday after she was shot while sitting in the back seat of her parents car thursday outside seattle . authorities initially believed it was a road rage incident turned violent but now say the shooting was not random .
the argentina legend scored the winner in the friendly match . when applauding fans diego maradona kicks steward and cameraman . was playing in the match for peace supporting colombian peace process .
splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day . include diving into the thames without authority and hogging middle lane . meanwhile other antiquated laws remain in force that are simply baffling .
warner bros slammed by novelist for dropping the deal in 2012 . sony has announced deal to release movies and tv series . the dark tower is an 8 part novel series written between 1970 and 2012 . javier bardem and russell crowe rumored to be interested in the lead .
trinity culley helped deliver her baby sister after picking up tips on tv . she had been secretly watching the programme one born every minute . when her mother s waters broke two weeks early , she sprang into action . she gathered towels and delivered the baby in the family s front room .
derby were held 2 2 at home to watford in the championship on friday . watford had marco motta dismissed and derby moved 2 1 up . but watford equalised through odion ighalo and held on for a point .
manchester united were beaten 3 0 by everton at goodison park . wayne rooney limped off in closing stages , replaced by robin van persie . louis van gaal has confirmed the striker suffered a knee injury . united boss said it is too early to know the severity of the injury .
satire puppet show depicts prince george as a blinged up rascal . duke and duchess of cambridge seen worrying about common son . prince puppet seen addressing female doctor with oi , oi ! .
german government knew of risk of flying over ukraine , it is claimed . diplomatic cables refer to ukrainian air force plane shot down on july 14 . malaysia airlines s flight mh17 was shot down on july 17 last year .
the canberra based dfat workers got an announcement on a screen . the message said their office was being closed and moved to melbourne . the announcement was displayed for five hours before it was revealed . it comes as the department plans to cut 500 jobs by june this year .
real madrid had exclusivity on signing javier hernandez until friday . other clubs can swoop for striker after deadline passed . manchester united to field offers of 10million for 26 year old hernandez . read real madrid to tempt psg with a 30m offer for marco verratti .
liverpool lost 2 1 against aston villa in their fa cup semi final on sunday . reds are seven points adrift of fourth placed man city in the league table . no liverpool boss since 1950s has gone three seasons without a trophy . read liverpool set for summer overhaul with ten kop stars on way out . read rodgers has conviction quashed after rental property fine .
only nine per cent of germans now consider the end of wwii a defeat . many now see themselves as the victims of hitler and nazi regime . historians now exploring crimes by allied forces and german suicides .
man identified as felix david , 24 , shot in chest by police in east village . sources say the robbery suspect hit officer over head with his own radio . two officers had head injuries , though they were not serious .
warning graphic content . child left with horrific scars by adopted mother over homework she set him . biological mother had sent her son to live with cousin for a better life . adoptive mum now in custody after incident that sparked outrage in china .
eleven egyptian football fans face the death penalty over a riot in 2012 . clashes after a match in port said left 74 dead and sparked more protests . appeals courts last year ordered retrial after 21 fans given death sentence . two of the 11 supporters given the death penalty today are still on the run .
east yorkshire restaurant probed after diner reported seeing dog faeces . out of date food served and there was a high cross contamination risk . foolish owner david crossfield , 52 , and his business are fined 15 , 000 . now closed restaurant did n t carry out regular disinfection and cleaning .
young women can get cheaper car insurance than men , economist warns . he says drivers with jobs mainly done by women offered lower premiums . newcastle university s stephen mcdonald analysed this pay by job system . dental nurse , 21 , likely to pay 10 per cent less than they would have in 2011 .
alan pardew left newcastle to take over as crystal palace manager . there have been rumours linking him with magpies keeper tim krul . pardew is disappointed that reports emerged suggesting the move . he says there has been no contact between him and the club or the player .
zachariah fike head of vermont based purple hearts reunited , says the military id belonged to world war ii veteran cpl . william benn . benn lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on salisbury beach . discovered last year by metal detector enthusiast following a storm .
massive hailstones already fell wednesday during the storm system s first lashings in missouri , kentucky and kansas . strong storms also swamped indianapolis , cincinnati and charleston , west virginia at midday wednesday . experts warned that millions were under a moderate tornado threat wednesday evening into thursday .
new york police detective ian cyrus has been suspended pending internal investigation . he is accused of stealing 3 , 000 during an illegal cigarettes raid , police say .
ferrari finished disappointing fourth in the constructors standings in 2014 . they improved this season and are second to mercedes after three races . sebastian vettel won the second race of the season in malaysia last month . kimi raikkonen sees no reason why ferrari can not challenge for the title . click here for all the latest f1 news .
girl was outside shops in brighton , east sussex when she was attacked . she received a puncture wound to her upper lip and was treated in hospital . police are hunting a man in his 50s with purple hair and brown moustache .
jonathan trott out after three balls , caught by darren bravo at slip . trott is playing his first test for over a year after stress related illness . warwickshire batsman was promoted to open , but failed in first innings . follow the first test live here .
8 . 9 per cent of americans have impulsive anger issues and access to guns . 3 . 7 million of the short fused gun owners carry weapons in public . study by three universities interviewed more than 5 , 000 men and woman . comes in the wake of a number of high profile gun tragedies in the us .
batman v . superman dawn of justice trailer leaked thursday before being yanked offline . film will be released on march 25 , 2016 and stars ben affleck and henry cavill .
gary barlow , mark owen and howard donald ordered to repay 20million . take that stars have still not done so 11 months on , sparking criticism . trio used an investment scheme later found to be in breach of tax rules . tv sports presenter gabby logan has paid back all the money she owed .
brazilian teams are on alert because of a dengue fever outbreak . the mosquito borne disease has already affected some top clubs . corinthians striker paolo guerrero one of three players diagnosed .
juventus want psg s edinson cavani according to corriere dello sport . the italian newspaper claim that cavani would partner carlos tevez . manchester united are also interested in the uruguayan striker . cavani s agent has talked up a move to england or spain this summer . read manchester united consider cavani transfer .
lionel messi , neymar and luis suarez have 102 goals this season . they reached the landmark in barcelona s 6 0 win over getafe . messi and suarez both scored twice at nou camp , suarez once . read barcelona pupils keen to teach pep guardiola a lesson . 6 0 win put barcelona five points clear and piled pressure on real madrid .
stuart mccall has led rangers to three successive wins in recent weeks . triumphs against hibs and hearts won supporters approval . but he says he does not expect new contract talks until after play offs . mccall stresses that rangers are yet to achieve anything despite revival .
gitte denteneer was stunned after getting the bill from rubens in leuven . the belgian cafe had charged her 50 cents for use of their electricity . ms denteneer later took to twitter to express her outrage at the charge . others on twitter shared her anger and called the rubens boss mean .
franz beckenbauer thinks jurgen klopp could be next bayern munich boss . klopp has already confirmed he will leave borussia dortmund this summer . beckenebauer believes klopp has what it takes to replace pep guardiola . guardiola has a contract until 2016 but has been linked with a move away .
michael bisping beating cb dollaway on points in montreal during ufc 186 . manchester s bisping was given the nod 29 28 by all three of the judges . bisping said after the fight that dolloway was tougher than he anticipated .
35 year old donnell graham shot his wife , 33 year old shaquana graham , at the quality inn in springettsbury township , police say . he also shot 25 year old kristopher pittman , who was staying in the same room , before turning the gun on himself . a motel worker said at least one of the individuals checked into the motel around 3 a . m . .
aaronessa keaton was arrested monday and charged with manslaughter for a 2014 accident that resulted in the death of a 5 year old child . keaton , of phoenix , arizona , hit another car head on while she was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and benzodiazepines in her system . when told of the charges and the child s death , she said sh t happens .
manchester city defeated west ham 2 0 in the premier league on sunday . sam allardyce was seen ranting at fourth official during game at the etihad . hammers boss explained he was frustrated that referee anthony taylor missed eliaquim mangala s foul on stewart downing .
ap mccoy will ride cantlow in the irish grand national on monday . cantlow disputes favouritism largely due to mccoy s choice to ride him . he could ve ridden alderwood or if in doubt , also owned by jp mcmanus . trainer paul webber said of the track i hope it dries up a bit .
chelsea set to spend most days at top in a single premier league season . manchester united currently top the list with 262 days in 1993 94 . jose mourinho s side have been top for 230 days so far this season . could set a record of 272 days if they stay top until end of this campaign . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
bosses admitted they did n t tell relatives about the arrangement . hospital says it dealt with an unprecedented number of deaths over easter . spokesman use of refrigerated lorry is normal practice across the country .
brazilian ronaldo paid a visit to former club real madrid on wednesday . teen sensation martin odegaard posed for a picture with the former striker . the 16 year old shared the snap on instagram with the caption legend .
scientists and biologists arrived wednesday to determine how the massive mammal died . the animal is one of 17 dead sperm whales to beach along the north coast of california in over 40 years . officials say it s not immediately clear would be done with the carcass after the examination .
andy carroll is in dubai as he steps up his recovery from knee surgery . the west ham striker is overseas with a club physio and his fiancee . the 26 year old injured his medial knee ligament against southampton .
cute but clumsy elephant calf was following his mother though the bush . suddenly the youngster appeared to catch his foot and his lose balance . fell over and landed trunk first down in the mud at idube game reserve .
ebola tests for a senior doctor has come back negative for the virus . doctor john parker has been working at an ebola clinic in sierra leone . nsw health said he had developed flu like symptoms on saturday . dr parker was assessed at a sydney hospital as a precaution .
the man , known only as xu , was keen to have a grandchild . he bought the daughter in law for 1 , 311 at the beginning of 2014 . both his son and the woman that xu bought suffered from learning difficulties . after realising the young couple were not sleeping together , he began having sex with her himself . but when she failed to fall pregnant he decided to sell her on again . xu is under arrest for human trafficking at lianyungang in eastern china .
arsenal were title contenders in 2013 14 season before faltering at the end . gunners have same record after 31 games won 19 , drawn six , lost six . arsene wenger insists arsenal have improved with likes of alexis sanchez . arsenal started this season poorly with defeats at swansea and stoke city . adrian durham arsenal only turn it on when the pressure is off .
christian fuchs current schalke contract expires in the summer . defender has attracted interested from a number of premier league clubs . swansea have expressed their interest in the austria international .
usain bolt wants to beat own 200 metre record by running sub 19 seconds . bolt had injuries last season as justin gatlin dominated sprint scene . but jamaican insists when he is fit he is almost impossible to beat .
burnley winger george boyd has run the furthest in the premier league . his 210 . 5 miles this season beats christian eriksen from tottenham . burnley have run an incredible 2 , 172 . 3 miles between them this season . players from stoke , hull , liverpool and west ham feature in the top 10 .
an australian man has reportedly been sentenced to death in china . bengali sherrif caught at a chinese airport allegedly attempting to smuggle . allegedly caught with methamphetamine , which is used to make ice . queensland man ibrahim jalloh facing the same charge will soon face trial . three men tried in melbourne charged with smuggling drugs from china .
a rescue sato named bonnie is so afraid that she will be abandoned again that she ca n t bear to eat alone . . in an adorable video posted to youtube by user jeannine s . with nearly one million views , puppy bonnie can be seen lifting her dish to clyde . bonne was rescued from puerto rico and is a sato , which means mixed breed or street dog . due to extreme poverty , the streets of puerto rico are overwrought with thousands of abandoned dogs .
expansion of qinghai tibet line would go under world s highest mountain . chinese say they plan to finish the huge project within five years . if built railway will impact on india s relationship with key economies .
newark man , 21 , said he recognized the rapper , whose real name is earl simmons , while at an exxon station on sunday . he told police they had a conversation about rap music before man in dmx s entourage allegedly pulled out a gun and demanded money . victim said dmx allegedly snatched the money before driving off .
dr donald dewitt , 65 , veteran teacher at bergen county academies in new jersey , charged with attempted sexual assault and criminal sexual contact . dewitt , who is married , has been at the top ranked school since 1992 , teaching biology , physiology and anatomy to juniors and seniors . prosecutors say dewitt s lewd emails to 16 year old victim were discovered this week by her sister . dewitt has been suspended from his 105 , 000 a year job and banned from campus .
massimo vian , head of luxottica , says version two in preparation . ceo said there are second thoughts on how to interpret version 3 . google s wearable technology stopped selling first version this year . product called a failure after it was never widely available to customers .
jennie , 47 , and raymond kehlet , 49 , were last seen on march 22 . their campsite and vehicles were found intact in remote wa bushland . police have begun to search old mine shafts , some up to 20 metres deep . search aircraft with infrared equipment have examined an area of 625 square kilometres , however no trace of the couple has been found .
liam stewart had been named in the 23 man squad ahead of tournament . the son of rod stewart has been replaced after suffering shoulder injury . the spokane chiefs forward was in line to make his debut for gb . ice hockey world championship takes place in holland next week .
lucas akins scored twice as burton albion were promoted to league one . morecambe victory secured jimmy floyd hasselbaink s side promotion . shrewsbury are just one victory away from securing league one football . bury beat portsmouth to secure record seven away wins in succession .
benidorm officials said the resort was applying to reinvent its own image . it s a symbol of harmonious coexistence , says sociology professor . mayor agust n navarro said it s the best designed city of the med .
esteban cambiasso says saving leicester will feel like winning a trophy . the argentinian has become a key player for nigel pearson s side . leicester are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table . click here for all the latest leicester city news .
the friends were on their way to see les mis rables on broadway when a conductor on the 6 train called for help . the men , who are all police officers in their native sweden , wrestled the suspect to the floor and held him until nypd could arrive . we re no heroes , just tourists , says uppsala , sweden , police officer .
neymar struggled to impress in barcelona s slender win over celta vigo . quinton fortune has questioned why neymar s form has dipped . neymar has failed to score in his last four games for barcelona . fortune heaped praise on barca for being able to scrape vital win .
un officials say procedure should only be done when medically necessary . over a quarter of women in england now have a a caesarean birth . the rate , which includes voluntary mothers , has doubled since early 1990s .
adam barker is an equal shareholder in handles for forks ltd . the company made 501 , 319 in profit in the year to last june . 47 year old was jailed for making indecent images of children in 2012 .
arsene wenger admits he can see why top teams have struggled against burnley . arsenal needed an aaron ramsey strike to earn narrow victory at turf moor . wenger hails burnley s solidarity and organisation .
francis coquelin defends arsenal striker olivier giroud after criticism . thierry henry believes arsenal need a top quality striker . coquelin insists the gunners can win titles with giroud in the side . french striker has scored 14 premier league goals this season . giroud i get p about everyone talking about my hair and not my goals .
maickel melamed , who has muscular dystrophy , took part in the 2015 boston marathon . he completed the race 20 hours after the start . despite rainy weather , fans and friends cheered for the 39 year old .
jill scott was sent off for headbutting jade bailey as manchester city lost . scott tweeted an apology after the defeat by arsenal ladies on sunday . england international reacted to a challenge by the gunners defender . chioma ubogagu scored the winner for arsenal in a 1 0 win .
tom varndell scores three as wasps pull away at the kassam stadium . london welsh put up a brave fight but fall away late in the game . ashley johnson , sailosi tagicakibau and alapati leiua all score tries .
this 4x4 from russia is a fraction of the price of a new land rover . off road , the niva is in its element , with low and highrange gears . but , forget luxuries because the niva is an unabashed frills free zone . a highly capable , ruftytufty 4x4 from russia for a fraction of the price of a new land rover . . it s a confident charmer that stands out from the crowd , with high suspension , pressed steel wheels , soviet style looks and real rarity value . . now available in the uk from niva imports through its dealer , bb motors , in corby , northamptonshire 01536 202207 , lada4x4 . co . uk . . on the road , the basic 1 . 7 litre petrol engine your only option is deafeningly noisy , but tolerably smooth . . the seats are comfy and thanks to a high driving position and large wing mirrors , all round visibility is good . . off road , the niva is in its element , with low and highrange gears , differential lock and a sturdy monocoque construction . . you wo n t have to agonise over pages of extras . . . they re more or less nonexistent . . choose in white , blue , green or red , then decide whether you d like the snorkel or snow plough really attachments . . reasonable fuel economy at 33mpg and affordable to insure once you ve explained exactly what it is . . also available in a compact van format 10 , 590 , excluding vat and road tax . . spartan on the inside . . there are only four seatbelts and a slightly pokey boot . . do n t trust the petrol gauge , which regularly aims to deceive . . no warranty is offered as standard although a two year plan is coming soon and spares may need to be imported bb motors will assist . . only available in lefthand drive unless you put in an order for more than 500 of them ! . shhhh ! .
charlie austin revealed that joey barton ignored him on his first day . the pair are good friends now following the hilarious incident . the 25 year old says qpr ca n t afford to lose in their double header . austin is delighted and humbled to be fourth in the goalscoring charts . click here for all the latest queens park rangers news .
mamadou sakho limped off in liverpool s win over blackburn rovers . french defender looked to be suffering with hamstring trouble in first half . brendan rodgers forced to use pairing of dejan lovren and kolo toure .
vinnie jones will accompany josh warrington into the ring on saturday . warrington is a leeds fan and jones spent a season at the club in 1989 90 . he will follow justin bieber , puff daddy and the gallagher brothers . they have walked in boxers like floyd mayweather and ricky hatton .
dozens of animal welfare complaints made after northern ireland event . horse pictured trying to jump over car with glass still in windscreen . one animal is seen crashing head first into turf dismounting a rider . animal welfare group says horses were exploited and abused in event .
amy schumer took a fake tumble tuesday in front kanye west and kim kardashian . the comedian pulled the prank at the time 100 gala in new york . schumer , whose inside amy schumer also premiered tuesday , is having a moment .
rapper lil wayne not injured after shots fired at his tour bus on an atlanta interstate , police say . no one has been arrested in the shooting .
west ham manager sam allardyce wants more consistency from his side . allardyce expects manchester city to put in a determined performance . the hammers are 10th having won just one of their last 10 league matches . city have lost one more league game in 2015 than in the whole of last year . west ham will be without diafra sakho but enner valencia is due to return .
west ham drew 1 1 with stoke city in the premier league on saturday . diafra sakho was forced off after 59 minutes due to an injury . it is understood the striker has torn a thigh muscle during the match . sakho is unlikely to be able to feature for west ham again this season .
jenson button penalised for his role in the crash with pastor maldonado . the pair collided as they diced for 13th in final stages of chinese gp . button slapped with five second penalty and given two penalty points . incident capped another disappointing weekend for hapless mclaren .
isis says it controls several buildings at the baiji oil refinery . iraqi government security officials say iraqi forces remain in full control . the refinery , iraq s largest , has long been a lucrative target for militants .
thief stole sat nav from elderly woman s car after she was injured in crash . woman , 73 , was waiting for an ambulance with husband who has dementia . suspect was photographed as he fled the scene in hulme , manchester . bearded man was wearing purple shorts and is aged between 30 and 40 .
quinn patrick stands over the fish while on a trip with his dad . bowfin propels itself from ground and slaps him in the face . makes a noise not dissimilar to a sound effect used in cartoons . youngster stumbles backwards but takes the hit remarkably well .
family pet leo nearly burned down home in peckham , south east london . staffordshire boxer cross managed to switch on cooker hunting for food . child s car seat left on top of one of the hob s rings caught fire . subsequent blaze damaged a third of the ground floor of the property .
abdul malik al houthi says in a televised address that fighters will not pull out of major cities . a top military leader pledges allegiance to yemen s ousted president .
ashley young s brother lewis plays for crawley town as an attacker . the manchester united man went to watch him play against oldham . crawley are battling to get out of the relegation zone in league one .
scott stephenson went through the pockets of man dying from the cold . he was due to be sentenced for theft but failed to turn up to court . at hearing today , 19 year old was bailed again before sentencing . outside court , he shouted and swore in front of nearby diners .
some crime vicitms are waiting up to two minutes longer for a response . there are now 17 , 000 fewer police officers across the country than in 2009 . callers have been urged to contact the non emergency 101 service . labour s yvette cooper blames the increase in waiting time on tory cuts .
harvey weinsten and his designer wife georgina chapman turned up for the premiere of his new broadway play finding neverland on wednesday . it is the first time the pair has been seen together since weinstein was accused of groping an italian model in march . the district attorney s office announced last friday that weinstein will not face criminal charges over the incident . finding neverland is the same play weinstein gave model ambra battilana a ticket to . the couple also spent chapman s birthday together earlier in the week , as well as easter with their children two weekends ago .
the baby elephant walks alongside single file herd . it stops to dawdle pick up something with its trunk . before managing to break the tail to trunk chain . the footage was captured by at whipsnade zoo .
jacob phillips plunged down cliff after leaping over a fence in the dark . got out of the taxi to use an atm before running away , inquest heard .
a logic question about cheryl s birthday goes viral . the clues give just enough information to eliminate most possibilities . it spread after a singapore television host posted it to facebook .
boy free environment stops girls from being held back by opposite sex . girls in single sex education do n t have to worry about impressing boys . comments made by head of wycombe abbey school in buckinghamshire . come after calls for boys to be taught separately in state schools .
new jersey police have released a sketch of an infant whose headless body was discovered last year in an attempt to find the child s mother . the body of the infant , called em ma grace was found in a trash heap in november , authorities located her head more than 50 miles away . police say the mother may have been trying to hide her pregnancy prior to giving birth .
major general james post iii was fired for saying that the retirement of the a 10 warthog amounted to treason . the incident added fuel to a controversy over efforts to retire the low flying , tank killer plane highly regarded by ground troops . post said he told the group the air force did n t want to get rid of the plane but needed to because of budget constraints .
bournemouth lead the championship table in bid for promotion . eddie howe is hoping fans can inspire cherries to reach premier league . norwich play middlesbrough in a top of the table clash on friday . watford boss slavisa jokanovic is not looking beyond birmingham clash . derby , ipswich , brentford and wolves are in the hunt for a play off place .
high temperatures are recorded on the northern tip of the antarctica peninsula . the world meteorological organization will make the final determination .
nicholas connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the houston rockets and dallas mavericks basketball game on tuesday night . one of his favorite nfl players was watching from the sidelines houston texans defensive lineman j . j . watt . when he finished , the 26 year old athlete ran across the court to congratulate him , with the heartwarming moment caught on camera .
chelsea scored late winner to beat qpr 1 0 at loftus road on sunday . cesc fabregas scored with chelsea s only shot on target . chelsea move seven points clear at the top of the premier league . chris ramsey s qpr remain in the premier league relegation zone .
the run down car park offers stunning , picture perfect views across miles of golden sands at rhossili beach . national trust snapped up the tatty tarmac parking spot for 3m to create a new and improved car park . the beauty spot in south wales has been voted the uk s number one beach and filming location for doctor who .
british transport police are clamping down on casual thuggery on trains . this season alone , there has been 630 football related incidents recorded . chief constable paul crowther said crimes may be under reported . a summit has been organised to determine the scale of the problem .
emmanuel adebayor has danced in front of a famous paris landmark . he posted a video of the dance on his official instagram account . the strange behaviour comes just days after he insisted he was prepared to fight for his place in the tottenham team . adebayor has one year left to run on his current deal at white hart lane .
mei ru , 50 , was visiting local supermarket with husband song ming , 53 . cctv shows she stopped car and mr ming got out , standing behind it . mrs ru then reverses knocking husband over and backing over him . surgeons were unable to save mr song , who died of internal bleeding .
anthony joshua has now won his first 11 professional fights . he needed just three rounds to beat jason gavern in newcastle . gavern was dropped twice in round two and again in the third . joshua now takes on kevin johnson at the o2 on may 30 .
mr turnbull was interviewed about his childhood and his political stance . he also admitted he planned to run for prime minister if tony abbott had been successfully toppled in february s leadership spill . the words primed minister were controversially also printed on the cover .
the time lapse footage captures the train descending the 9km long track . video opens in tunnel built into swiss mountain before train heads outside . train passes skiers before picking up speed and reaching the station . the track runs from kleine scheidegg 2061m to jungraujoch 3454m . opened in 1912 , the track is visited by more than 800 , 000 people per year .
match . com said the winning candidate will be outgoing and media savvy . the lucky singleton will stop in rio de janeiro , paris and new york . the trip will last for six weeks with all hotel and travel costs covered .
researchers claimed antibiotics could be contributing to obesity epidemic . their large scale study was published in the respected pediatrics journal . it found one third of 10 to 11 year olds in england are overweight or obese . children who took antibiotics as babies were more likely to be overweight .
dietmar hamann expects bastian schweinsteiger to leave bayern munich . hamann says schweinsteiger he has lost his place to xabi alonso . former international claims franck ribery faces a fight for his starting slot . click here to see who bayern face in the champions league semi finals .
andrei arshavin will be released by zenit st petersburg at end of season . former arsenal striker s contract at russian club has expired . ukraine captain anatoly tymoshchuk will also be departing . zenit , coached by andre villas boas , are top of russian premier league .
average cost of property in london is now less than in salcombe , devon . in salcombe , property tops 671 , 759 and waterfront value is even higher . known as chelsea on sea , the area is famed for its yachting and sailing .
englishman danny willett blasts timing referee for getting in line of sight . vented anger at official as he bogeyed the 17th at 2015 masters . willett carded a one under 71 on opening round in first time at augusta .
danielle jones bridesmaids started campaign to get barlow at her wedding . he replied saying he would come but kept it secret from the 33 year old . singer turned up at reception in berkshire and sung a million love songs . mrs jones said i m still on cloud nine i just ca n t believe it happened .
the clip was uploaded by youtube user honda4ridered . in another upload the skilled billiards player shows viewers how to pocket four balls in a single shot and for those who miss it there s a slow motion version .
an iowa bulldog named tank took home the crown sunday at drake university s annual beautiful bulldog contest . tank beat out 49 other dogs in the 36th annual contest . tank will now serve as the mascot for the drake relays .
decorated former argentina international esteban cambiasso says that keeping leicester up this season would be like another cup . the former inter milan and real madrid midfielder joined leicester last summer on a free transfer , signing a one year deal . leicester are currently bottom of the premier league table with 19 points from 29 games and take on west ham in their next fixture .
the 14 year old had communicated with terror suspects in australia , authorities said . police the teenager encouraged others to attack a parade and behead someone in australia .
jamaluddin jarjis , former malaysian ambassador to the u . s . , among casualties . azlin alias , a member of the prime minister s staff , also dies , news agency reports .
woman was struck by lightning in her car in boston , lincolnshire . several days later her hairdresser noticed minor burns on her scalp . later that day the 77 year old noticed her eye sight was blurred . a scan of her retina revealed heat from the bolt burned a hole in her retina .
mohamed salah scores as fiorentina beat sampdoria 2 0 in serie a . on loan chelsea winger scores second as his side go fourth . roma beat napoli 1 0 for first home win in four months . carlos tevez strikes as juventus maintain huge lead at the top .
leeds teenager moves to london broncos until end of the season . the 19 year old has made six sub appearances in super league .
presidential hopeful s video , featuring gay couple , gets mature rating in russia . russian tv channel feared airing it would break the country s anti gay propaganda law . clinton announced her support for same sex marriage in 2013 .
tommy cox from colchester looks just like prince george of cambridge . both two year olds have the same rosy cheeks and a similar hairstyle . even tommy s mother who is also called kate thinks they look alike . while he looks like george , tommy s mother admits her son s behaviour sometimes falls rather short of regal .
carlo ancelotti will make a decision on gareth bale s fitness . the welshman injured his left foot during real madrid s training session . los blancos take on rayo vallecano on wednesday , kick off at 9pm . midfielder isco is likely to replace bale if he is unable to play .
lucas matthysse won a majority decision against ruslan provodnikov . matthysse managed to open a cut early on , landing majority of punches . but he was on the ropes before regaining control in the fifth round . he outlined his plans to fight floyd mayweather or manny pacquiao .
coles ordered to pay 2 . 5 million in penalties after lying to shoppers . their marketing slogan made today , sold today deemed as misleading . the products were par baked from overseas and shipped months later . coles also ordered to display a federal court corrective notice in stores .
hayleigh mcbay , from elgin , scotland , dumped her boyfriend as a joke . but when 17 year old told david clarke , he replied that he was pleased . david was actually calling hayleigh s bluff and the pair are still dating . screenshot tweet of conversation retweeted more than 12 , 000 times .
deputies reassigned after threats , sheriff says . the two deputies pinned eric harris to the ground and one yelled f ck your breath at him after he was shot .
ben powers joined the cast of good times for its sixth and final season . he played thelma s husband keith anderson .
bill dudley is still lovin it working at the fast food joint in mold , north wales . wife margaret , 71 , has nicknamed her hubby old mcdonald for his longevity . bill s special day was marked with a cake and tickets for a weekend away .
lee garlington is opening up about his secret gay relationship with hollywood star rock hudson . garlington and hudson dated from 1962 until 1965 , and hudson called him his one true love . garlington says he would sneak over to the star s house after work , and leave first thing in the morning . he also says the two would each bring a date when they went out to avoid being outed . hudson died in 1985 of aids .
clinton n jie gave lyon the lead but max gradel equalised from the spot . lindsay rose was sent off for the home side inside the opening half hour . romain hamouma put st etienne ahead but christophe jallet hit back . lyon are level on points with champions psg who have a game in hand .
the singer had been off the scene for a while . she says she was bedridden for months . lavigne was sometimes too weak to shower .
south wales police launched an investigation into three of its officers . stephen phillips , christoper evans and michael stokes are all facing trial . the thee officers are all accused of theft by a serving police officer . phillips , evans and stokes will stand trial in june in cardiff crown court .
tory mp ken clarke claims the party has become much too right wing . he bemoaned its recent electoral performances and criticised its strategy . the long serving mp warned against offering blank cheques to the nhs . he has served under margaret thatcher , john major and david cameron .
for years , the garden shed has been the domain of the man . but now women are demanding their own huts at the bottom of the garden . they come in an array of styles including beach huts and tudor cottages .
jose mourinho was speaking ahead of chelsea s visit to arsenal . he made an effort to play down talk of not respecting arsene wenger . but mourinho was stunned by a cleverly worded question regarding his clashes with wenger and chelsea s title bid . mourinho cesc fabregas chose chelsea over arsenal to win trophies . click here for arsenal vs chelsea team news and probable line ups .
in august , junior doctors begin training as either a gp or a hospital doctor . this year 29 of gp training places are unfilled , compared with 8 in 2013 . doctors warn patients may struggle to see their gp as there is a shortage . they say junior doctors worry they will be overworked as a gp .
b . b king is now out of the hospital and back at home . bluesman suffered from dehydration and exhaustion after a 2014 show in chicago . b . b . is short for blues boy , part of the name he used as a memphis disc jockey .
morocco had been banned from the 2017 and 2019 african cup of nations . the confederation of african football imposed the ban after morocco pulled out as hosts of the tournament two months from it starting . morocco fear the health risks of fans travelling from ebola affected areas . the court of arbitration for sport lifted the ban and reduced the fine imposed from 1million to 50 , 000 .
issa hayatou , president of african football , said they will support sepp blatter in his bid to for fifth term as fifa president . all 54 african fifa members have agreed to back blatter in the election . luis figo , prince ali bin al hussein and michael van pragg have chosen to stand against the 79 year old and become the new president .
psg take on barcelona in the champions league quarter final first leg . but ligue 1 leaders will be without a trio of key players for the fixture . zlatan ibrahimovic , david luiz and marco verratti are all missing . la liga giants barcelona will be without dani alves for the clash in paris .
manchester united host manchester city in premier league on sunday . mark clattenburg has been named as the manchester derby referee . official sent off vincent kompany for belgium and both his red cards shown in the league this season have been to united players .
frankie dettori to focus on the british flat racing season this summer . gregory benoist chosen to ride in france by sheik joaan al thani . ap mccoy will ride his last scottish grand national on benovillo on friday .
a superior court judge in north carolina ruled on monday that craig hicks is death penalty qualified . he has been charged with first degree murder in the killing of three muslim college students on february 10 . his victims were deah shaddy barakat , 23 , his wife , yusor mohammad abu salha , 21 , and her sister , razan mohammad abu salha , 19 . the victims families are adamant that they were targeted because they were muslims and have pushed for hate crime charges .
french actress is filmed , photographed and judged as she ages . mother of two is followed throughout her day showing effects of fatigue . public guess her age based on photos to promote new garnier face cream .
unnamed child from medina , ohio , allegedly swiped cash from bedside table . police say he handed out 100 notes at school , then at a friend s house . also gave money to children s parents , who took them on spending spree . after authorities found out , some 7 , 000 of the stash has been recovered . prosecutors say charges will soon be filed in the case .
james hayward was flying with parents phil and hazel to lanzarote . but x ray machine picked out his nerf toy gun on security scan . four year old was then patted down and forced to hand over toy . airport insist they have offered to post the item back to boy s home in doncaster , south yorkshire .
clip shows moment helmet camera becomes detached and falls to earth . remarkably , the camera remains intact despite plummeting from 10 , 000 ft . was found in a meadow in gringelstad , sweden , and returned to its owner .
carlisle slumped to a 3 1 defeat away at accrington stanley . the team s poor performance prompted a scathing assessment from manager keith curle who suggested some of his squad were not fit for purpose . carlisle are without a win in five games in league two and just two places above the relegation zone . the cumbrians were relegated from league one last season and are at a serious risk of dropping out of the football league entirely this term .
tv5monde went black late wednesday and was still out hours later . the network blames an islamist group there s no claim of responsibility .
final barclays premier league live tv matches announced . twelve matches to be shown on sky sports in may , three on bt sport . manchester united vs arsenal moved to 4pm on sunday , may 17 . click here for the latest barclays premier league news .
vanessa moe presented as part of the st george new generation show . models walked runway with plastic moulds over their heads . show attendees appeared to be more transfixed with them than clothes .
debra lobo , 55 , is unconscious but is expected to survive after being shot thursday , police say . she is vice principal of the jinnah medical and dental college in karachi . police she was on her way to pick up her daughters from school when she was shot .
chelsea loanee patrick bamford continued good form with goal vs wolves . young striker has hit 17 goals on loan at middlesbrough this season . parent side chelsea are keen to tie him to a new long term deal . his current deal at stamford bridge expires next summer . read will chelsea ever bring through english players ? .
businessman has been cleared by court of session to become director . dave king hopes sfa will pass him to take role as ibrox chairman . king is the largest shareholder of the former scottish champions .
paramedics were called to a home in northern darwin on wednesday night . the 38 year old man had chewed and swallowed an entire beer bottle . there were 500 calls made to nt police between 3pm 11pm on wedensday .
bath face newcastle falcons in the aviva premiership on friday night . sam burgess has played predominately at centre so far for bath . but the former rugby league superstar will line up at flanker on friday .
john r . lind , 34 , from new brighton , minnesota admitted to tainting drink . the bizarre act was part of a ploy to get co worker pat maahs to notice him . would do it when she was n t at her desk at beisswenger s hardware store . he will be sentenced for the misdemeanor on may 22 .
reanne evans attempted to become first woman to qualify for crucible . the 10 time world ladies champion was beaten by ken doherty . barry hearn says that evans will not receive a season long tour wildcard .
three strong crew at helm of luxury yacht arrested by sicilian police . boat filled with syrian and palestinian migrants including 23 children . syrian crew identified by selfies taken by the yacht s passengers . latest boat stopped making crossing turning the med into a cemetery .
josh mason gave tv interview thanking clegg for not visiting his seat . he is standing in lib dem held redcar but faces labour challenge . after making scathing remarks he rowed back with statement from party . suggested that lib dem leader would be made welcome after all .
president obama abruptly left the white house after reporters were sent home for the day sunday evening . press pool reporters were perplexed as they questioned whether something serious had happened . the president , michelle and their girls hiked through great falls park in virginia for around 50 minutes until a light rain sent them packing .
retired engineer dave tyler built his own observatory in garden in 1977 . uses powerful telescope to photograph solar system from home in bucks . . takes pictures of variety of phenomena including solar flares and sunspots .
cro cop enjoyed revenge with third round knockout in krakow . referee stepped in after filipovic dropped gabriel gonzaga to floor . jimi manuwa made successful return by outpointing jan blachowicz .
manchester city lost 4 2 at rivals manchester united on sunday afternoon . city players trained on wednesday ahead of weekend match vs west ham . city are currently fourth in the premier league with seven games left .
intelligence agencies like the cia , nsa , and national counterterrorism center employ therapists to help analysts deal with emotional trauma . analysts watch graphic content to gain clues about actions of terrorists . at times terrorists will embed encrypted messages in photos and videos . clips include violent beheadings and attacks but they are mostly porn . analysts often suffer feelings of sickness , grief , anger and depression .
the ile lou t island is perched 350 metres out from the morlaix bay , in brittany , france . up to 10 people can rent the whole island for 145 for two nights the same price as a quality b b . island comes complete with a 19th century lighthouse , quaint cottage and panoramic views .
pope s sedentary lifestyle said to be aggravating nerve condition . francis is said to have piled weight on since taking papacy . he has suggested he does not expect to live to a very old age .
glenn roeder joins sheffield wednesday as part of new management team . the former newcastle boss joins stuart gray who is currently in charge . adam pearson has also been brought on board for the committee .
harriet harman admitted drivers could be hit if labour gets into power . deputy labour leader refused to rule out above inflation increases on taxes . george osborne said it shows labour will bring back fuel duty escalator .
new tropical fruit to go on sale in the uk is cross between mango and plum . the bouea macrophylla or mango plum has been nicknamed the plango . the fruit has a bright orange edible skin and a sweet taste and soft texture .
karim benzema has scored 20 goals in all competitions this season . real madrid face granada in a crucial la liga clash on sunday . benzema is targeting a ballon d or award in the near future .
thousands of dead fish were found at a lake in huizhou city in southern china s guangdong province on friday . owner of a fish farm which operates from the lake says he found evidence the water was polluted with ammonia . he claims the loss of 100 tonnes of fish overnight will cost him over 1 million rmb 110 , 000 in potential sales . employees are working to save any live animals by adding salt to the water to restore the chemical imbalance .
glenn murray has scored five goals in his last five premier league games . the 31 year old spent most of last season sidelined with a knee injury . alan pardew says cumbrian is reaping the rewards of reading loan spell .
dame barbara hakin , 57 , facing threat of a new inquiry over patient safety . calls for inquiry into claims she risked lives in a drive to meet set targets . accused of gagging whistleblower gary walker who tried to warn of risks . general medical council said no case to answer but reviewing its decision .
financial fair play has reined in manchester city s ability to spend . gary neville says big players would prefer their premier league rivals . city spending can no longer blow other teams out of the water . see our manchester united vs manchester city combined xi here . click here for all the latest premier league news .
manny pacquiao fights floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 . pacquiao shared a picture of a range of t shirts marking the fight . the filipino boxer is looking to inflict mayweather s first defeat upon him .
kumar sangakkara retired from one day cricket after the world cup . sri lanka were defeated in the quarter finals by south africa . sports minister navin dissanayake has asked the test captain to play on for another year .
a man has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence offences , which were allegedly committed over 18 years . the man , from leumeah , in sydney s south west , faced court on wednesday and was remanded in custody . police arrested him in february after the woman , 51 , jumped from a balcony to escape him , fracturing her leg .
the mistley thorn in essex is set in the heart of a historic coastal village . built as a coaching inn circa 1723 , the hotel offers award winning dining . it has 11 bedrooms four with panoramic views along the stour estuary .
australian couple who abandoned baby knew they were breaking the law . documents reveal the australian government had knowledge of the ordeal . couple told staff they only wanted a baby girl to complete their family . it was feared the abandoned boy may have been sold .
pit crew member todd phillips was hit by a car on sunday during the inaugural indycar grand prix of louisiana . he was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel . phillips received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released . dracone did not finish the race and wound up 23rd .
chelsea have revived their interest in west ham forward enner valencia . patrick bamford is to be offered a new long term deal at stamford bridge . despite having an interest in raheem sterling , the move looks unlikely . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
grayson hand , 5 , joined the huskies as part of team impact , which matches children with life threatening illness with college teams . hand s sister sophie , 7 , will be an honorary cheerleader . hand has been given his own locker and is welcome at every game and practice .
oxford scored for under 21 side in 3 2 loss to man united on tuesday . the goal will push 16 year old s claim for a first team debut . centre back has trained with west ham first team this season . click here for the latest west ham united news .
harry kane s participation at under 21 european championship is in doubt . tottenham have confirmed they will travel to kuala lumpur for friendly . spurs will also face sydney fc after taking on a malaysia xi .
linsey starred in season 12 of the show , which was filmed in chicago . she was kicked off in the second episode after getting into a fight with contestant jada cacchilli and a cameraman . no details or cause of death have been released . jada tweeted a tribute to her former castmate , saying we may not have been friends but we shared an experience most will never have .
farage claims pm has been secretly using hair dye to turn back the years . he said any man who can reverse the greying process i m jealous of . the pm has been accused of visiting stylists to keep hair looking youthful .
unusual egg was captured on camera by us youtube user elman511 . shows him cracking the giant egg to reveal a normal sized one inside . phenomenon is caused when an oocyte which becomes a yolk is released too soon and merges with an earlier egg that has n t been laid .
matt phillips recorded two assists in qpr s 3 3 draw with aston villa . the hoops winger now has seven in 2015 just one less than lionel messi . wolfsburg midfielder kevin de bruyne also has seven assists this year . arsenal s santi cazorla and napoli s marek hamsik also make our list .
hicks is charged in the deaths of three muslim college students in chapel hill , north carolina . victims family members have called on authorities to investigate the slayings as a hate crime .
a fire consumed a michigan building that was once home to a strip club on wednesday afternoon . the blaze took place at a building located on a flint intersection , and started at about 1pm . only the building and a few nearby power lines were affected . an investigation into what was behind the flint blaze continues .
bryan stow was beaten outside the la dodgers stadium in march 2011 . he was kept in a medically induced coma for several months . he was later awarded 18 million damages against the la dodgers . two men were jailed for eight and four years for the brutal attack .
drug called azdo5030 originally designed to treat certain types of tumour . scientists say it has restored memory in mice given alzheimer s disease . human trials have already been launched to test efficacy of drug in patients .
police say they ca n t confirm whether jones was involved in the crash , which injured a pregnant woman . jones is the reigning ufc light heavyweight champion .
chelsea beat stoke 2 1 in premier league at stamford bridge on saturday . cesc fabregas nose was left bloodied after tussle with charlie adam . midfielder showed off injury as he posted picture to instagram after game . fabregas joked that he might finally be able to get his nose fixed .
paddlers get a fright when large shark swims into the shallows . papamoa beach is a popular bay of plenty destination in new zealand . holiday makers were soon running for cover out of the sea . but before long they were back on the shore taking photographs of it . the last fatal shark attack in new zealand waters was in 2013 .
witness robert kushner lost his varsity coaching job at a private academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana . kushner , 32 , is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government about allegations of police wrongdoing . kushner had passed a background check when he was hired to coach basketball in 2010 .
blackpool were relegated from the championship on monday . their supporters threw objects at the stadium in protest at their chairman . karl oyston is a divisive character on the fylde coast .
graph show dominant colours of 94 , 526 artworks from 1800 to 2000 . orange and yellow have always been the most popular colour . in recent years blue has begun to catch up and nobody is sure why .
andy found fame in made in chelsea and dated louise thompson . has his own line of surf inspired city wear called jam industries . models spring summer collection on beachy shoot .
large crowds , close quarters and heavily trafficked public restrooms allow for illnesses to spread . attendees are at risk of catching anything from norovirus to flu . the second installment of california based music festival coachella takes place this weekend .
fa cup is set to be named emirates fa cup as part of sponsorship deal . it is understood fa have agreed a three year sponsorship deal with airline . the agreement is due to be rubber stamped on thursday and will be worth at least 10million per year .
girl identified as joselyn alejandra ni o was stuffed in a beer cooler . picture of her body was uploaded before it was dismembered . she gained notoriety when a an image of her holding a rifle circulated . two assassins , or sicarias , before her are behind bars .
juanette cullum , 48 , also allegedly stole two laptops and many toiletries . she was arrested after a witness saw her stealing property , prosecutors said . officials said cullen admitted to stealing from american airline planes for the last three years . was charged with grand larceny and criminal possession of stolen property .
the sleep foundation study has shown that adults need 8 hours of sleep . according to the study , 30 percent of australians say they lack sleep daily . professor david hillman said it s important to pay back our sleep debts . he also says sleep can be broken up as long as you get the first 4 hours . power naps should not be longer than 20 minutes or inertia will set in .
three victims were part of a group of ten friends from san francisco and the east coast who were staying in mendocino county to hunt for abalone . they dived into rough choppy water and found themselves almost immediately in trouble . abalone is an expensive , prized mollusk that is considered a delicacy .
promoter manny pacquiao s has between 800 and 900 friends who want tickets to historic las vegas clash . kenny bayless named as referee in mayweather pacquiao s bout , dubbed the fight of the century .
a sydney psychologist has surrendered his registration . darryl dewar was accused of misconduct after a 2012 consultation . a woman claimed mr dewar told her she had nice t s and swore at her . she also said he patted her head and asked her for a neck massage . a tribunal found the woman s evidence was credible .
wisconsin beat kentucky 71 64 at lucas oil stadium in final four . kentucky wildcats were looking to complete an unbeaten season . duke earlier beat michigan state 81 61 to move into the final . wisconsin will play duke in monday s final of the ncaa tournament .
suzanne evans said she would step in if farage quits because of ill health . ukip leader is suffering from a recurring spinal injury and is on medication . but miss evans , seen as a rising star , played down his medical problems . the party s deputy chairman wrote ukip s general election manifesto .
steve mcclaren is expected to take newcastle job if derby do n t go up . rams are currently battling for championship promotion via the play offs . paul clement is a leading candidate for job . derby will make formal contact with real madrid if mcclaren leaves .
mumia abu jamal was murdered philadelphia police officer in 1981 . he collapsed in prison earlier this month and was taken to hospital . marilyn zuniga allowed her third grade pupils to write to killer abu jamal . teacher apologised for actions but said her pupils wanted to write to him . she said pupils became interested in abu jamal after learning about him .
lihi yona filmed the black lab at a public play area in brooklyn , new york , over the weekend . after almost a minute the dog shows no sign of slowing down and he continues to bounce around .
asmir begovic is entering the final year of his contract with stoke city . the 27 year old goalkeeper has been linked with other clubs previously . stoke are hopeful they can arrange a new deal to warn off potential suitors . click here for the latest premier league news .
allan donald served as south africa bowling coach since 2011 . donald said it was always a big dream to work in south african cricket . chief executive haroon lorgat said donald will always be a stalwart .
dog was discovered in play area of a shelter in antioch , california . it is believed the animal was burned by chemicals at a foster home . charity umbrella of hope took it in and named it fireman . a 1 , 000 reward is being offered information about the pet s injuries .
chief secretary to the treasury caught drinking with high class call girl . the encounter between belle de jour and danny alexander was innocent . the two were snapped at bar one in inverness on friday at the nip festival .
former tsa agent daniel boykin , 33 , videotaped his female co worker in the restroom , authorities say . authorities say they found 90 videos and 1 , 500 photos of the victim on boykin s phone and computer . boykin worked in an administrative capacity and did n t do public security screenings , tsa official says .
arsenal won all four of their premier league games in march . striker olivier giroud scored five times in four appearances . spurs harry kane was bidding for a third straight monthly award .
aurelio de laurentiis furious after semi final elimination by lazio . napoli owner threatened to send the team to an unlimited training camp . rafael benitez s side now only have the europa league as a trophy chance .
insurers often check accounts of those burgled while they were away . can refuse to pay if people advertised the fact that they would be out . association of british insurers advises being careful with gets posted .
reading lost 2 1 to arsenal in fa cup semi final at wembley on saturday . royals no 1 adam federici made a horror mistake for second goal . manager steve clarke insists his players will rally around the australian .
aston villa have a chance of fa cup glory after reaching the final . a few months ago the midlands club only had survival to contend with . the aston villa squad can write the next chapter in the club s history .
tiger woods has been dating us alpine skier lindsey vonn since 2013 . the former olympic gold medalist spoke on late night with seth meyers . vonn revealed details of her relationship with woods and his two children .
tori hester was diving in mexico when a huge school of fish began circling . her husband jeff captured the stunning scenes with an underwater camera . a marine park , built in 1995 , has tackled problem of overfishing in the area .
pooch mavis was brought to arlington park in mobile sometime last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip . mavis was reportedly close to the park s boat launch as an alligator attacked her and came out of the water . mavis was viewed as a neighborhood dog in mobile s midtown section . local resident nicole lavirriere has said of mavis i think she s like the norm of cheers .
jordan spieth won the 2015 us masters at the augusta national golf club . spieth won the first major of his career having led all week . the 21 year old hit a final round of 70 to finish on 18 under par . spieth became the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the masters . the american finished second to bubba watson at the 2014 masters . spieth winning the masters has been the most incredible week of my life .
beloved children s performer lois lilienstein has died . she was a member of cbc and nickelodeon tv stars sharon , lois and bram . cnn independently confirmed with sharon and bram s manager that lilienstein passed away at 78 of a a rare cancer .
inverness defender josh meekings prevented a goal bound header from celtic s leigh griffiths with his hand during the scottish cup semi final . he did not face any punishment in the match which caley thistle went on to win 3 2 after extra time . celtic have since complained to the sfa about the incident . a call to ban meekings from the final will be contested by inverness .
jack wilshere has been traipsing his local supermarket s shopping aisles . arsenal midfielder reveals his craving for cereal and his preferred choices . eggs and baked beans suggest wilshere loves a full english breakfast too . read what are arsenal s transfer options this summer . arsene wenger arsenal are close to bridging the gap on the top four .
the fire brigades union say practice is irresponsible and dangerous . but becoming more common as ambulance service is so overstretched . ambulance service facing huge demand from rising and aging population . led to them relying more on firemen to attend life threatening emergencies .
the duchess of cambridge made revelation at goring hotel s 105th party . husband prince william was on an official tour of china .
burnley and tottenham played out a 0 0 draw low on quality on sunday . harry kane captained spurs but the league s top goalscorer struggled . kane could not find the net and michael duff says his team stopped him .
christopher furniss roe , 8 , found hanged in his bedroom in south wales . he had been sent to bed early for breaking younger sister s beach bucket . his father tried to save his life , but he died in hospital the following day . coroner ruled it was a tragic accident and recorded the cause as hanging . for confidential support on suicide matters in the uk , call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here . .
bowie , 68 , starred as an alien enamored by tv and alcohol in the 1976 film . he has written new songs and arranged older music for 2015 production . the musician is not expected to perform in the show late this year . bowie did not write the music for the original amid contractual dispute .
manchester city lost in the under 21 premier league at upton park . dan potts gave the home side the lead with a header after 11 minutes . adam drury put the ball past his own goalkeeper to double the lead . olivier ntcham pulled a goal back for patrick vieira s side but they lost out .
holland america says two passengers died in an apparent murder suicide . the cabin was immediately secured and the authorities were notified , cruise line says . the fbi is investigating the deaths the ship is in san juan , puerto rico .
teachers say pupils not ready for formal sitting down stage before seven . play helps children develop communication and social skills , they believe . want to follow lead of finland where 15 minute play time follows lessons . union to ask for more play time at its conference in harrogate this weekend .
hagrid the suffolk cross was born weighing 25lbs and is 14inches tall . the animal towers over peers on farm in gelston in grantham . his owners believe he may be the largest lamb ever born in the uk .
robby mook , hillary clinton s soon to be campaign manager , distributes a values statement . the memo maintains that the campaign must remain humble , disciplined and united .
mexican restaurant chain cut carnitas pork from third of stores this year . company does n t know when it will be fully supplied again . dunkin donuts , mcdonald s switching to more sustainably raised meat . farmers need buyers for premium pig parts after chipotle takes shoulders .
louis van gaal handed andres iniesta his barcelona debut . spaniard thanked the trust the manchester united manager placed in him . iniesta claims 2009 champions league success was one of his best finals . barcelona defeated chelsea and man utd on the way to rome victory . frank ribery van gaal is a bad man ! .
django greenblatt seay , 33 , thought the ad would help his post stand out and add a little flair to it . commercial includes cinematic overhead shots greenblatt seay filmed using his drone . it is soundtracked with an old fashioned 1987 ford taurus commercial and dubbed by greenblatt seay to make the information relevant .
tim howard joined everton in the community s wheelchair football team . toffees goalkeeper took part in training session at croxteth sports centre . the u . s international took part in shooting practice and a short game .
australian woman felt a wheeze and took a breath on her uncapped inhaler . felt a scratch on her throat and began coughing up blood and wheezing . in hospital scans showed the earring was stuck in her right bronchus . it was removed and experts warned leaving caps off inhalers is dangerous .
the three metre oarfish washed up on a salt marsh on the otago harbour . the deep sea creature swims vertically and eats sections of its own tail . its frightening appearance has seen people mistake it for a sea serpent . tissue samples of the fish were sent to see otago museum for testing .
martin odegaard named among real madrid substitutes for first time . the 16 year old was on the bench for the la liga clash with almeria . odegaard could yet become the youngest player in the club s history .
the cocaine was seized by u . s . and canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern pacific ocean near central and south america . it included a 10 1 2 ton bust from a coastal freighter , the largest maritime drug interdiction in that area since 2009 . u . s . navy and coast guard and royal canadian navy ships have seized more than 28 tons of cocaine valued at 848 million in the last six months . authorities have called it the most successful run for drug seizures in the area since 2009 .
two baggage handlers were caught on camera at the airport in riyadh . video shows them hurling luggage without regard for the contents . clip begins with a suitcase being thrown and landing with a heavy thud . some bags appeared to be heavy or wrapped as though they were fragile . authorities said two supervisors and three workers have been sacked .
victim had been fishing off palm beach s jupiter inlet when he was bitten . witnesses said blood covered the boat , he was bitten in the head . unidentified victim was conscious when he was airlifted to hospital .
a judge sentenced tony lopez lozano , 35 , to 10 years in prison for stabbing his boyfriend in the heart during a fight . lozano pleaded to first degree manslaughter as part of a plea deal after being initially charged with murder . victim s mother you took a deal 10 years . .
tom lineham scored two interception tries in an eye catching display . jamie shaul also crossed late on for the home side . kevin brown and patrick ah van replied for widnes .
pictures show french second foreign parachute regiment dropping down . taken on airborne operation at the salvador pass on libya niger border . french troops in the desert region battling jihadist fighters and smugglers .
aleksandr glushko , 21 , drove for more than three miles while intoxicated . he was spotted by a railroad worker as he sped towards the crash site . police also spotted the driver as he drunkenly looped back past them . glushko was charged with a felony for driving under the influence of alcohol .
mazzy was on board a southwest airlines flight over the us when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday and brought her to tears of joy . mazzy , who just turned four , suffers from spina bifida and is paralyzed from the waist down . the crew of the airplane made mazzy a crown from pretzels and a birthday cake made from toilet paper .
homeowner built cabin near anchorage valley after forest fire . when the trees started growing again , they did n t want to lose the view . so they built another cabin on top , and carried on until it was 12 high . it has been affectionately dubbed the dr seuss tower and attracts fans .
barrick gold reached an out of court settlement with the 11 rape victims . includes a 14 year old schoolgirl raped by police patrolling mine in 2010 . the us gold mining giant offered 10 , 000 but was rejected as inadequate . women are thought to have been offered compensation in the six figures .
sven bender says borussia dortmund need to start scoring more goals . dortmund have been disappointing this season and are currently tenth . jurgen klopp s men have scored 34 goals in 27 games in the bundesliga .
a man named john posted the advert in a newsagents in muswell hill . it details that he is looking for a companion , apprentice , worker and lover . he says the role will bring a way of life with quality . his ideal woman is aged between 30 and 40 and is happy to be interviewed .
serena williams progresses to semi finals after beating sabine lisicki . williams beats german in three sets at miami open 7 6 , 1 6 , 6 3 . world no 1 presented with cake after 700th career victory . andy murray was similarly given reward after 500th career win .
dr . anthony moschetto , 54 , arrested for selling drugs and weapons , prosecutors say . authorities allege moschetto hired accomplices to burn down the practice of former associate . attorney says client will vigorously defend himself .
case about zac evans , killed in machete attack outside pub in gloucester . tory mp accused of posting the tweets to ingratiate himself with voters . trial set for bristol but graham got it changed to gloucester constituency . later switched back and old etonian was ordered to remove the tweets .
oleg kalashnikov died of gunshot wounds , ukraine s interior ministry said . he was a party of regions deputy in ukraine s previous parliament . kalashnikov was ally of deposed ukrainian president viktor yanukovych .
american to make a rare appearance at a villa match . they take on liverpool in the fa cup semi final at wembley on sunday . lerner did visit villa park for arsenal game back in september . he has been trying to sell the club since last may in 150m deal .
cyclist wang pingan had his cycle stolen just days before completing an epic ride around china . locked bike was stolen outside an electronics market in shenzhen , guandong province . wang had vowed to complete his journey by foot , but police managed to recover it against the odds .
bystanders stopped to rescue a lost brood of ducklings in d . c . tuesday . cnn s brian todd and khalil abdallah paused to capture the scene .
alexis sanchez had offers from several clubs when he left barcelona last summer , including arsenal and liverpool . he chose to join arsenal in a decision that delighted boss arsene wenger . sanchez has made an instant impact in english football and has scored 19 goals for the gunners so far this season . arsenal face liverpool in the premier league on saturday as the two sides compete for a top four finish .
nicholas salvador accused of beheading palmira silva in her garden . he pleaded not guilty on grounds of insanity at london s old bailey today . also pleaded not guilty to a separate assault charge , citing same reason . mrs silva was found dead in a garden in edmonton in september 2014 .
james anderson will earn his 100th test cap on monday . england take on the west indies at the sir vivian richards cricket ground . four wickets would take anderson past sir ian botham s national record .
letourneau fualaau had a sexual relationship with her student . he was 13 when they began the relationship in 1996 . in may , they will celebrate their 10th wedding anniversary .
officers were trying to stop suspects in a stolen black toyota friday night after they allegedly committed a series of armed robberies . the car struck and killed bridget klecker , 42 , in a crosswalk . car hit and injured a second pedestrian and struck a car before fleeing . car was found unattended later that night and three male suspects were still at large as of friday .
todd kincannon , 33 , has been arrested and charged with criminal domestic violence following an incident involving his wife last month . arrest warrant alleges that he told wife , ashely griffith , that would kill her , himself and her family threats he is accused of having made before . lawyer claims he accidentally overdosed on benzonatate which he says he was taking for an upper respiratory infection . audio recordings of kincannon verbally abusing his wife and threatening to make her very f cking sorry has since emerged . kincannon has a reputation on twitter for sending inflammatory tweets that have regularly left him open to accusations of racism and sexism .
the fire on a platform in the gulf of mexico has been extinguished , pemex says . 45 workers were injured in the blaze , according to the state oil company . four workers were killed in the oil rig fire , which started early wednesday .
martin skrtel caught daniel kolar in the face with a raised boot . slovakia continued their good recent form thanks to ondrej duda s goal . it was third win over czech republic since break up of czechoslovakia .
u . s . official said in february that iraqi troops could go into mosul in april or may . officials say now that there s no timetable , an invasion could come sooner or later . they note that recapturing mosul from isis could be a complicated endeavor .
conor mcgregor takes on champion jose aldo in las vegas on july 11 . the two men recently completed a world tour to promote the fight . mcgregor is unbeaten in the ufc and insists he will be the next champion . he grabbed aldo s belt when the pair came face to face in dublin . click here for all the latest ufc news .
disney has just unveiled their latest luxury resort bora bora bungalows . the overwater villas are located on the shore of the seven seas lagoon . inspired by the south pacific , they re just minutes from the magic kingdom .
dan price , founder of gravity payments , will slash his salary to 70 , 000 and raise the minimum wage for his 120 employees to 70 , 000 . the move , in the next three years , will also require price to plow up to 80percent of his firm s 2 . 2 million profits back into salaries . he says he was inspired to make the bold step after reading that happiness increases dramatically for people earning over 70 , 000 .
pilot program allows students at one of sydney s most prestigious schools to bypass the higher school certificate and attend sydney university . successful completion of the 17 week guarantees scot s college students a place in a number of undergraduate courses , including law . tuition , sporting and curriculum related fees at the college reportedly topped 30 , 000 per year in 2013 . education should be open to all , not just those who can afford it , national union of students spokeswoman tells daily mail australia .
more than 12 , 700 spent in overtime payments to officers during search . money also spent on accommodation , flights and parking . followed parents decision to take him from southampton general . he went on to have successful proton therapy treatment abroad .
madison hurd , from seward , nebraska , was hospitalized with sepsis . hurd had heart problems and knew she would n t make it to the prom . but nurses decorated her room in the same great gatsby theme , did her nails , hair and makeup and laid her dress over her hospital gown . hurd s boyfriend also flew out from alabama with a tux and corsage .
the sea shepherd vessel bob barker has safely rescued 35 crew members . it comes after bob barker followed the accused poaching vessel thunder . thunder issued a distressing signal , reporting the ship was sinking . sea shepherd claims thunder deliberately sunk the ship to destroy proof . this was the world s longest pursuit of a poacher in maritime history .
rebecca rice , 16 , was allowed to take her pet dog into five minute exam . she told her teacher she struggles to control her nerves ahead of the gcse . teacher lorette esteve advised she bring along 11 year old dog holly . school has various tactics help reduce stress including lucky key rings .
the crew of the liana s ransom , an 85 foot long replica schooner , were rescued by the coast guard early monday morning . crew members had to jump from the ship to waiting coast guard boats . luke arbuckle shorted the jump and struck his head against the side of the ship , later being airlifted to a hospital where he was treated and released . captain ryan tilley was the last to leave the vessel , which was towed to a boatyard in eliot , massachusetts , on tuesday .
the rapper entrepreneur went stream of consciousness on twitter . he asked users to be patient with tidal , his new music streaming service . a parody account was set up to mock his hashtag .
kym ackerman saw jesus in x ray of left side molar at dentist in flagstaff . ackerman , 32 , pointed the special tooth out to both dentist and hygienist . she plans to frame the x ray and keep the molar and her mouth cavity free .
sky sports will be paying 11millon a game to broadcast games in 2016 . three year deal means sky are re addressing their entire sports strategy . fit for the future plan will see reduced programming support .
pair , both from london , captured in europe within 24 hours of each other . trafficker jayson mcdonald was found hiding under a bed in amsterdam . paul monk captured in alicante as workmen lay marble at his luxury villa . both wanted for their connections with international drug dealing networks .
australia to cut welfare benefits for parents who refuse to vaccinate their children . the no jab , no pay policy will come into effect in january 2016 . the australian government estimates more than 39 , 000 children who have not been vaccinated .
professor john warren discovered avocado trees switch gender in hours . the botanist said the tree displays unique flowering behaviour . however , trees are usually successful in avoiding polinating themselves .
juventus keeper gianluigi buffon says he has no plans to retire soon . italy international says he will be the first to bow out when his level slips . but feels it would be a waste to retire now because he is still playing well .
the matt hampson foundation held an event on wednesday night . a host of rugby stars attended the event for the former england u21 prop . christian wade did not attend and clearly infuriated veteran andy goode . goode tweeted bad values from christianwade3 agreeing to come to a charity event for hambofoundation then saying he s too tired .
brae carnes of victoria , british columbia is protesting an amendment to a canadian transgender rights bill . it would allow business owners to determine if they want to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding with their gender . carnes has now begun posting photos of herself applying makeup and even changing in men s public bathrooms . i m actively showing them what it would look like if that became law and how completely ridiculous it is , says carnes .
jose mourinho returned to chelsea in 2013 for a second spell at the club . the portuguese boss looks set to lead chelsea to the title this season . former defender paulo ferreira expects mourinho to stay for a long time . ferreira followed mourinho to stamford bridge from porto in 2004 .
cctv camera captured a man in a hoodie dragging woman s limp body from car parked at 131st street and jamaica avenue in queens saturday . woman was left slumped on the sidewalk for 20 minutes until paramedics arrived and took her to a hospital . she was placed on a ventilator and remains in critical but stable condition with leg injuries .
the poll surveyed 600 women from the area in and around paris . all claimed to have been victim of harassment on transport system . found half of those interviewed had been assaulted before they were 18 . led to calls for campaign to stem sexist and threatening behaviour .
john terry has started in each of chelsea s 33 premier league games . terry s personal best is 37 premier league appearances in 2009 2010 . jose mourinho hailed terry s performance during 0 0 draw with arsenal . the 34 year old made just 14 appearances for rafa benitez during 2012 13 . read chelsea captain terry is premier league s greatest ever defender .
andrea mcveigh , 44 , was knocked over from behind by speeding cyclist . left in a pool of her blood after crashing face first into the pavement . she will be scarred for life after suffering two long gashes to forehead . police launch hunt for the mystery rider who did not stop at scene .
photos reveal ordinary lads hassan munshi and talha asmal , both 17 . imam says muslims must talk to others who might think this is the way . boys from dewsbury believed to have fled to syria via turkey last week . next door neighbours were seen playing snooker about a week ago .
limmy posted the shocking seven second video on his vine account . the 38 year old comedian starts with the spider crawling out of his mouth . the three inch house spider crawls across his chin and runs up his cheek . the video ends with the spider approaching limmy s forehead .
olivia bazlinton , 13 , and charlotte thompson , 14 , struck by express train . network rail was fined 1 million over their deaths for criminal negligence . parents were shut out of meetings where they planned to challenge bosses . the firm s bosses received 250 , 000 in bonuses last year .
quade cooper has agreed to join top 14 club toulon until 2017 . queensland reds fly half is injured but will move to france this summer . australian rugby union changed its test squad selection policy this week . overseas based players with over 60 caps now available for selection .
reporter roger lohse was reporting on burning brush near miami , florida . cameraman noticed tiny black kitten being rescued behind him lohse . firefighters revealed kitten had been hiding in modelo beer box from fire .
he made the statement before in march . o malley is low in the polls with democrats , but he has been flirting with a presidential run .
chris evans and jeremy renner get in hot water after a joke made about avengers character black widow . renner called scarlett johansson s character a slut and evans referred to her as a whore . the actors issued an apology on thursday .
man , who has not been named , turned gun on himself at 2 . 15 pm . his estranged ex girlfriend , mother of his child , works at the site . he visited the park twice last week , received two restraining orders . was standing by new despicable me minion mayhem ride at the time . four visitors witnessed suicide , sheriffs tried to talk him out of it but failed .
the terrifying video was captured in wangaratta , northeast victoria . a man sprays insect repellent under the handle door of his holden ute . he cowers back in fear when the huntsman drops out and onto the road .
kevin franklin left his 80 year old victim without any money to buy milk . meanwhile fraudster funded dream alps wedding with eight years of thefts . franklin said he needed money for failing business and after family deaths . when he was arrested the fraudster had told police i played him . jailed for nearly five years despite franklin saying he s terrified of prison .
vampire girl prank video is spreading on social media in ukraine . sees girl in full vampire make up and nightgown , prey in a park . she waits until concerned locals come up to her , before scaring them .
three rabbis found guilty of conspiracy to commit kidnapping in new jersey federal court . they were accused of orchestrating kidnapping , torture of jewish men who refused to allow their wives a religious divorce . lawyers for the rabbis said they plan on appealing the verdicts .
ricky woolaston , 35 , posed as engineer to break into students homes . stole laptops and phones in order to feed his drug habit , court told . was caught after leaving behind charge sheet with name and address on .
cindy santamaria williams is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on easter sunday . santamaria williams claims three teenage girl beat her outside the theater after she shushed the girls because they were loud . santamaria williams sister in law was also hurt . police are searching for the teens and say they will face assault charges .
princess , 25 , looked chic in a white and gold dress . mingled with kelly brook and dakota fanning at the dinner . cousin of princes william and harry is working at auction house in city .
craoiline wozniacki attended basketball game with j . j . watt on monday . the pair watched the ncaa final four college basketball championship . duke university s blue devils beat the university of winconsin s badgers .
robots built by mechanical engineers at stanford university in california . geckos have small hairs on their feet to help them scurry across ceilings . could be used in emergencies or on construction sites in the future .
grigor dimitrov plays gael monfils in monte carlo masters quarter final . world no 9 stan wawrinka looked listless and disinterested in the defeat . defending champion did n t get on the board until the match s fifth game .
chris ramsey , the only black manager in the premier league , is a classic example . ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs . he took the qpr position after harry redknapp saw the writing on the wall and got out . ramsey was asked to board the sinking ship and , guess what , it has not been an easy job to refloat it .
andrew danziger flew president obama during 2008 election campaign . claims to have seen a ufo on flight between kansas and iowa in 1989 . saw a giant red ball flying parallel to his jet in the sky for 30 seconds . the aircraft captain revealed that nearly all pilots believe in ufos .
peru s famous inca ruins received 1 . 1 million visitors in 2014 alone . average number of tourists far exceeded unesco s daily limit of 2 , 500 . extravagant new plans aim to allow for more tourists to visit safely .
originally fined 120 for the absence from sweyne park school in essex . unsuccessfully appealed the decision but parents still refused to pay . grandmother paid the bailiffs and said it was a sober warning to others .
marvin papi gallo jones and ramon luis nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from jones black and red shorts . jones said he was listening to music before the fight on friday and put his phone in his shorts but forgot to take it out . he believes the mishap cost him the fight .
memo damningly states uk may no longer be centrally relevant to the us . congressional research service , which gives confidential analysis , warns of turmoil if there is a hung parliament following general election . organisations such as the g20 group of major economies has led to a decline in the influence and centrality of the relationship .
andres iniesta suffered a bruised pelvis during barcelona s 3 1 champions league win at psg . he had to be substituted after a clash with psg midfielder javier pastore . barcelona have confirmed iniesta s injury on their official website . the midfielder could now miss the league game with valencia this weekend .
john carver insist he s enjoying the newcastle job despite his results . the 50 year old believes he s getting the best out of the players . newcastle have won just twice since carver took charge at the club . click here for all the latest newcastle united news .
amber alert issued after toddler and his mother were abducted from home . pair driven to another house where mother was tied to cupboard in garage . mother ran from garage screaming they attacked me after untying herself . toddler ronnie tran reunited with parents but grandmother is still at large .
the trackers allows owners to check carrier conditions like temperature . the pet gps is available from 50 per flight from 10 us airports . between 2010 and 2013 , delta was held responsible for 41 of the 97 reported deaths .
mats hummels has two years left on deal but is considering his future . manchester united reportedly ready to pay 30million to sign defender . hummels missed dortmund s 3 2 win over hoffenheim on tuesday . franz beckenbauer hummels is the perfect age to join manchester united . click here to watch highlights of dortmund s win over hoffenheim .
lyoto machida is set to take on luke rockhold in ufc clash on saturday . brazilian made weight by wearing a sauna suit beneath an electric blanket . former light heavyweight champion is hoping to get another title shot .
defending champs czech republic beat france to reach the fed cup final . petra kvitova defeated caroline garcia in straight sets for 3 0 lead . the czech s have reached their fourth final in the past five years .
michelle maclaren is no longer set to direct the first wonder woman theatrical movie . maclaren left the project over creative differences . movie is currently set for 2017 .
paul parker played for manchester united , qpr and fulham among others . the right back also made 19 international appearances for england . parker s expired passport was listed for sale on ebay for 5 , 000 .
fbi investigating after intelligence information indicated possible terror plot . tsa involved although possible threat not necessarily related to aviation . no arrests have been made and it is unclear whether this is a new threat . in addition to los angles , some other us cities have increased security .
nac breda let slip a two goal lead , sending boss robert maaskant wild . their manager was so upset with what he d seen he punched the dugout . the game on saturday ended 2 2 against last placed team fc dordrecht .
anthony corrales claims he was driving with his wife and daughter last june near a casino in new york city when a car cut in front of him . corrales claims he got out to write down the car s license plate number , and was then mowed down and driven for several blocks on the hood . the driver of that car , robert muller , was let off by police while corrales was charged with harassment and breaking the windshield . muller claimed it was corrales who jumped on the hood of his car after telling him get out of the car tough guy . video footage from the casino shows corrales on the car hood while muller drives with his wife and daughter in the car . instead of deterring mr . muller from future dangerous acts of road rage , the police ensured that he can continue to use his car as a weapon with impunity , said corrales lawyer leo glickman .
danila kislitsyn killed more than 1 , 000 dogs in russian city of vladivostok . trial heard he had used poisoned sausages and traps to kill the strays . blamed dogs for his tuberculosis and claimed threat needed eliminating . animal charities were furious when kislitsyn was given fine of just 200 .
tom brady to gisele bundchen you inspire me every day . bundchen had last runway show wednesday . she ll be focusing more on family , special projects .
west brom will make a 3million bid for swansea defender neil taylor . the left back is seen as the player to fill the left back void for tony pulis . swansea are believed to be open to offers for the 26 year old . click here for all the latest west brom news .
colin mcinerney , 28 , was allegedly beaten outside darwin mcdonald s . he says he gestured at family on friday night thinking they were his friends . colin pulled up at mcdonald s drive through before the other driver got out and allegedly started bashing him . windscreen wipers and bottles were allegedly used to beat him . police say the two vehicles pulled up at traffic lights and 35 year old man took offence to colin s gesture . colin , the 35 year old man and his 36 year old female companion were all arrested over the incident but later released without charge .
sam allardyce warned aaron cresswell about moving to manchester city . the full back has been excellent for west ham following his summer move . allardyce used scott sinclair and jack rodwell as examples of moves to the bigger clubs that did n t work out for british players . click here for all the latest west ham news .
football in turkey has been suspended for one week following the armed attack on fenerbahce team bus on saturday . the bus came under attack as it drove to the airport following the away match against cayukr rizespor which fener won 5 1 . turkish official says two people have been detained by police .
security guard cengiz guven is protecting australian travellers at gallipoli . the 30 year old from istanbul is the supervisor of site security at lone pine . his team will handle bag and entry checks for 8000 australians . this will be conducted at the lone pine service on anzac day . about 4000 police and at least 1000 turkish soldiers will be on duty . mr guven has previously protected russell crowe , naomi campbell and aerosmith rocker steve tyler .
michelle obama told talk show host rachael ray that secret service agents taught her daughter malia how to drive . mrs . obama has n t driven herself in seven or eight years , she said . she added that driving gives malia a sense of normalcy , helping her feel like the rest of her friends who are also driving .
children drink excessive amounts of energy drinks , teachers union claim . drinks like red bull , monster and relentless are causing hyperactivity . nasuwt likened caffeinated refreshments to readily available legal highs . of teachers surveyed 13 cited energy drinks as cause of bad behaviour .
nikki balovich took off her ring when she was pregnant with swollen fingers . suspected their 90lb mastiff puppy , halli , had swallowed it . four months later it was returned by a stranger who found it in excrement at local field they walk in .
nabil fekir and alexandre lacazette scored in lyon s 3 1 win at guingamp . lille got back to winning ways with a 3 1 triumph over strugglers reims . modibo maiga s hat trick earned metz a 3 2 win over toulouse . nice and evian both picked up another point in their battles for survival . paris saint germain face marseille in le classique on sunday night .
illinois rep . luis gutierrez is spearheading the family defender toolkit . the pamphlet includes a card that lists reasons why a person should not be deported under expanded daca and dapa policies . those policies , however , are currently on hold by a court order . critics claim that the card encourages a false sense of security for undocumented immigrants .
boy , five , pelts police with stones as palestinian protesters clash with israeli police on the northern west bank . violence erupted after more than 100 demonstrators took part in a rally to mark palestinian prisoners day . israel has arrested around 800 , 000 palestinians in the occupied territories since 1967 with 6 , 000 currently being held .
an australian woman finds a ring while snorkeling in bali . words engraved on the antique ring give clues to its owner s identity .
rensselaer polytechnic institute postponed screening following complaint . college muslim association disagreed with plan to show american sniper . other students say the postponing is censorship and attack on free speech . film will be shown but with forum for discussion to follow the screening .
members of 30 rock band members merged into one face each . beatles look like paul mccartney , nirvana look like kurt cobain . u2 , rolling stones and green day are a bizarre blend .
tottenham forward emmanuel adebayor has taken to twitter to insist his immediate future remains at white hart lane . he has one year left to run on his current contract at spurs . adebayor joined spurs in 2011 from manchester city , initially on loan before an impressive first season convinced them to make the move permanent . unfortunately , adebayor has not managed to rediscover his early form and has been reduced to a bit part player in mauricio pochettino s plans . he has not scored a league goal for spurs since october .
premier league champions have increased season ticket prices next term . some disabled manchester city supporters have seen their tickets rise by 345 to 975 . supporters group claims the club are trying to force migration as part of a re seating plan at the etihad .
charlesetta taylor , 79 , may have her home of 70 years torn down by the city of st . louis . this so the city can make way for a campus for the national geospatial intelligence agency . the city may also tear down 49 other homes to make sure the nga does not leave the city , and take the 3 , 000 jobs it provides . there are three other sites being looked at that would not displace as many people .
man set to walk free from jail just three years after caught drink driving . raymond laing jailed after caught three times over the legal limit . he had been convicted for drink driving 26 times before arrest in 2012 . laing told parole board he is high risk and a danger to drivers .
cui hongfang , 73 , died in front of her family after she was knocked over . she fell down a set of steep stairs and struck her head on the stone wall . police interviewed witnesses and ruled the woman s death an accident . victim s family sued the tourist and attempted to stop her from leaving .
patient had 19 teeth removed in a series of operations in munich , germany . the dentist known only as k claimed he was a recognised healer . alleged the patient had bone inflammation and could n t have fillings . independent report found there was no medical basis for the operations .
alison saunders consulted neil moore , a barrister where daniel janner worked , over whether to prosecute the labour peer . mrs saunders said it was her job to make very difficult decisions . justified her decision not to prosecute by saying experts agreed lord janner , 86 , was in poor health due to advanced alzheimer s disease .
everton defeated burnley 1 0 at goodison park on saturday . kevin mirallas scored the only goal of the game in the 29th minute . ross barkley had earlier missed a 10th minute penalty . leighton baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts this season .
arsenal take on stoke city in barclays under 21 premier league clash . jack wilshere and club captain mikel arteta have been out since november . abou diaby has been ravaged by injuries during nine year spell at club . read arsenal s alex oxlade chamberlain , calum chambers , jack wilshere and danny welbeck keep their agents close . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
number of uk deaths per will rise by 20 over the next two decades . funeral costs have already risen by 80 per cent over the past ten years . simple funeral , with cremation , minister and undertaker , now costs 3 , 590 .
vera maresova , 50 , killed five women and one man over a four year period . police said she committed the murders to make her workload easier . maresova , who has been dubbed nurse death locally , has admitted killing the victims with massive doses of potassium . drug caused the elderly patients hearts to fail and eventually killed them .
steven pienaar has been dogged by groin and knee injuries this season . the 33 year old midfielder has made just 11 appearances this term . pienaar made his comeback in the 1 1 draw with swansea city . but muscle fatigue ruled him out of the win over burnley last weekend .
robert penny , 83 , is charged with the murder of two women in 1991 . one of the victims was his wife margaret penny , the other claire acocks . pair were found stabbed , their throats cut and were wrapped in hair wraps . penny was cleared of any involvement in the initial investigation .
jeans designer reportedly owes 126 , 594 in tax . relaunched denim label in 2014 after going into liquidation in 2013 . previously went into administration in 2011 but revived by apparel group . supply deal soured , with designer ordered to pay 150 , 000 to retail group .
dominatrix claims she shared a hot , deep kiss with prince harry in vegas . carrie reichert said she felt overdressed after seeing his cute naked a . the 43 year old made the claim in an excerpt from her upcoming book . kensington palace has previously denied she was invited to the hotel suite .
lauren york , 15 , was found monday afternoon in north ridgeville , ohio . she went missing sunday morning around 4am and her family feared she was on her way to missouri . the home schooled teen was allegedly communicating with people in online chat rooms and made several calls before she left home . update my daughter lauren york has been found . .
davis cup quarter final tickets will be hard to find for fans this summer . there will be a capacity of 7 , 000 for the tie at london s queen s club . but well under 3 , 000 tickets will be released to general fans for the game . the rest will go to various organisations and governing bodies in tennis .
jeremy peace looking to sell the club for between 150m and 200m . groups from america , australia and far east interested in the club . peace determined any deal must be completed by july to ensure stability .
floyd mayweather is closing in on welterweight limit , wbc checks show . mayweather is down to within three and a half pounds of his target . boxers required to weigh no more than 10 per cent over 147lb welter limit . manny pacquiao is also understood to be within the 30 day stipulation . click here to watch the official advert for the mayweather pacquiao fight .
owners watch hours of tv with pets and leave it on to keep them company . survey of 1 , 000 pet owners see for the love of dogs as favourite show . keeping up with the kardashians is only liked by 2 of pets .
the 12 inch main broke in manhattan before 7pm and send water cascading onto tracks . some 500 riders were immediately evacuated from the west village subway tunnel and thousands more affected by delays . the water also inundated the street corner where the break occurred and can be seen lapping at a west village convenience store .
lionel messi did n t feature in either of argentina s recent friendlies . messi suffered a foot injury in barcelona s win over real madrid last month . barca sit four points clear of real in la liga with 10 game remaining .
jack black the friendly jackdaw is a welcome resident in penryn , cornwall . one fan has set up a facebook page for him which has 450 members . they share pictures , videos and stories about jack and his adventures .
freddie roach said floyd mayweather would be better off with his uncle . mayweather jnr will fight manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 . the mega fight is expected to generate a final purse of 300m . mayweather uploads photo inside his private jet ahead of pacquiao bout . pacquiao turns on the charm for interview on mario lopez s extra . click here for all the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
staff were locked out of scooter s coffee page starting at 5pm on sunday . hackers plastered feed with adult cartoons and links to explicit pages . happened after employee clicked on link purporting to be from facebook .
ten pieces collection was presented at the beachside pool during final day of mbfwa . guests sat in and around the pool to take in the capsule collection of monochrome unisex pieces . label is owned by icebergs restaurateur maurice terzini and partner lucy hinckfuss .
floyd mayweather is deep into his training for the manny pacquiao fight . he has been using crotherapy to aid his recovery after training sessions . the bath at subzero recovery is cooled to 115 c using liquid nitrogen . mayweather often calls the owner for a session in the early hours . mayweather i am better than muhammad ali and sugar ray robinson .
the italian coast guard says 8 , 480 migrants were rescued from friday to monday . save the children said tuesday 400 migrants could be missing from a boat . the italian coast guard can not confirm that report .
boeing 747 can normally hold up to 600 people but this model was customised for a single ultra wealthy tycoon . digital images show how the interior is as luxurious as an expensive hotel room despite space constraints . the jumbo jet contains a master bedroom , aeroloft with added sleeping space , and a large dining room . it is also kitted out for business with a conference room and office so the owner is never out of touch with work .
the american pharmacists association passed a new policy banning members from participating in lethal injections . pharmacists say role as health care providers conflicts with participation in lethal injection . the pharmacy association first adopted a policy against lethal injection in 1985 .
spurs tracking dynamo forward andriy yarmolenko . tottenham scouts have watched the ukrainian star in recent weeks . psg also interested in signing yarmolenko . kevin mirallas also on tottenham s radar . click here for all the latest tottenham hotspur news .
50 per cent of australians surveyed said they d like to work for virgin . it beat qantas , which was in fifth place , as the most desired company . coming second in the survey was national public broadcaster the abc . but four jobs in the top ten list were in government departments .
a fight took an unusual turn outside a grafton pub late friday night . a woman reportedly joined an altercation armed with two rubber sex toys . witnesses say she was swinging them in the air , threatening bystanders . out of nowhere this other woman joined the fray with a dildo in each hand . police attended the scene but no complaints were made about the woman .
becky schoenig of st . louis , missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 ford fusion had been stolen from her driveway monday . she was even more shocked however when it was located and returned to her with new red rims and detailing . she took to facebook after getting the car back , writing i want to thank the car thieves for pimping out my vehicle for me . . . . .
neymar was taken off with barcelona 2 1 up against sevilla . the brazil captain was visibly angry , and barca went on to draw 2 2 . neymar has been replaced 15 times in 34 games this season . click here for all the latest barcelona news .
kevin pietersen has returned to domestic cricket with surrey . axed england batsman will make his debut against oxford university . kp has backed michael vaughan to lead overhaul england cricket .
mother of two , 34 , snapped up to front dafiti s aw15 campaign . latin american e tailer believe she embodies the style of the brand . recently named no . 8 on forbes list of top earning models .
aging strike pair earn extensions on their short term deals . goalkeeper adam bogdan also rewarded with new contract . barry bannan and neil danns both fined by club after drinking incident .
england no 8 cited for incident in saracens 22 6 aviva premiership win . vunipola s case will be heard by a three man rfu panel on thursday . leicester centre veriniki goneva also cited but he will not attend hearing .
chris smalling agrees new long term manchester united contract . the deal is believed to worth around 80 , 000 a week . 25 year old has become a regular starter under louis van gaal . van gaal reveals he s delighted that smalling has penned a new deal .
owner chernae noonan stopped benefit cosmetics from using brow bar . the queenslander said her business was often mistaken as beauty giant s . benefit cosmetics is run by french luxury goods tycoon bernard arnault . he is the 13th richest billionaire in the world and is worth 37 . 4 billion . benefit are appealing the decision made by australian trade marks office .
sania mirza and martina hingis won the family circle cup in charleston . the doubles pair beat casey dellacqua and darija jurak 6 0 , 6 4 . mirza is the first indian female to top the doubles world rankings .
al qaeda fighters attack a prison and other government buildings , freeing many prisoners . government troops clash with the fighters , most of whom flee . yemen is descending into chaos as a shia sunni conflict draws in regional rivals saudi arabia and iran .
jeff astle scored west brom s winning goal in the 1968 fa cup final . he died in 2002 from chronic traumatic encephalopathy at the age of 59 . west brom wearing 1968 kit to mark launch of the jeff astle foundation .
raymond van barneveld beat fellow dutchman michael van gerwen 7 3 . robin van persie watched the clash via a rather bizarre camel tv . phil taylor beat dave chisnall 7 3 and drew with stephen bunting in a pulsating clash to end the premier league darts in scotland . adrian lewis crushed bunting as he lost twice in aberdeen . gary anderson produced a stunning comeback in front of his home crowd to draw 6 6 with james wade after being four legs down .
french full back says juve played the italian way on his return to monaco . evra made no apologies for serie a club s pragmatic but effective approach . former manchester united ace questions the mentality of french teams . evra has urged team mate paul pogba not to rush his return from injury .
floyd mayweather uploaded a picture inside his private jet on wednesday . mayweather will face manny pacquiao on may 2 in a welterweight unification bout at the mgm grand in las vegas . mayweather will pit his wba and wbc world belts against pacquiao s wbo .
melvin the giraffe was killed by an antelope at norwegian zoo . giraffe gored by antelope horn as he was stuck in a fence . around 30 people , many of them children , witnessed death .
vijaya gadde said social network had let internet abuse go unchecked . she claims it is because scope and scale of problem was not recognised . twitter has tripled the size of team that deals with online abuse , she said . anti bullying campaigners long complained twitter is sanctuary for trolls .
bear was hunting along the brooks river katmai national park , in alaska . might have gotten lucky after fish jumped almost directly into his mouth . but the dozy creature allowed the salmon to slip through his claws .
luis suarez scored twice in barcelona s 3 1 win over psg . suarez nutmegged david luiz on his way to scoring both goals . the striker says the tie is not over despite barca s two goal advantage .
ashley shupe says kaiden tried choking himself and jumping from a height . he has been diagnosed with depression after two years of bullying . shupe filed police report after latest attack left him kaiden bruised face . in a lawsuit against the school she says they failed to protect her son .
bomb expert david hyche created the eggs when his daughter turned blind . the children follow sound of a beeper in a plastic egg , trade it for candy . he has now passed on the idea to alabama institute for deaf and blind .
chelsea beat stoke 2 1 on saturday to go seven points clear at the top . willian wants his side to play in the same manner in their last eight games . the brazilian has praised jose mourinho for giving his squad confidence . read mourinho hails remy as striker stakes claim to replace costa . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
nicklaus , a six time winner at augusta , added another glorious moment to his glittering masters career with an ace on the fourth . the 75 year old saw his shot sail beyond the flag before spinning back into the cup . the crowd roared in celebration with several players stopping their round to cheer the golden bear . colombian camilo villegas later eclipsed nicklaus achievement , hitting two aces during his round . villegas was beaten in a play off by world no 74 kevin streelman .
elderly woman in induced medical coma after husband crashes into her . distressed bystander describes woman as covered in blood . couple were there to do their shopping at tesco express . tesco worker held woman in her arms whilst waiting for ambulance . driver breathalysed by police as precaution but no arrest has been made .
italian navy retakes fishing boat seized by smugglers . boat was being steered towards libyan port of misrata . italian navy says shots were fired accidentally , one fisherman injured .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao fight in las vegas on may 2 . both men are nearing the end of their respective training camps . singer mariah carey paid a visit to mayweather s boxing gym . pacquiao made his latest appearance on jimmy kimmel live ! . read floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao tickets finally go on sale . jeff powell mayweather now the mature man who weighs words carefully . click here for all the latest floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao news .
saracens face clermont in the champions cup semi final on april 18 . sarries defeated clermont 46 6 at the same stage last season . owen farrell has been out of action since january with a knee injury .
pupils at riverview junior school in gravesend are not allowed to run . teachers say the new rule is designed to stop them hurting themselves . parents are furious that children are n t allowed to let off steam .
range rover vogue was stolen from surrey property belonging to former chelsea midfielder michael essien . burglars stole the 75 , 000 4x4 in early morning raid . a neighbour had a mercedes and bmw stolen on same day . ghana international essien left chelsea for milan in january 2014 .
jonas gutierrez could play his way to a new contract at newcastle . the 31 year old needs seven more starts to trigger contract extension . gutierrez made his first start in 20 months in recent sunderland defeat . midfielder is one of very few players respected by a disgruntled fanbase .
authorities in the indian city of malegaon have asked residents to take a mugshot of their cattle . cows are revered by the majority hindu population , and many parts of the country have laws banning the slaughter of cattle . officials in malegaon believe this is the best way to solve cow slaughter cases and enforce the law .
michael van gerwen booked place in next month s play offs . the dutchman beat james wade 7 0 in betway premier league in cardiff . he was beaten 7 5 by gary anderson in the night s finale .
the two disturbing videos were uploaded to facebook on wednesday . a woman unleashes a racist tirade on her neighbours from over the fence . she swings a crowbar at the group of men and a tussle breaks out . the woman is struck in the face during the fight and is visibly bleeding . a woman has been charged with assault and several other offences . the 51 year old will appear in perth magistrates court on april 8 .
bilal skaf has reportedly been attacked by inmates in goulburn prison yard . the gang rape leader was assaulted by three other inmates on friday . he was treated in hospital for head injuries and returned to prison . bilal skaf was sentenced a maximum 55 years in prison in 2002 for gang raping young girls in sydney s southwest when he was just 18 . he is not eligible for parole until 2033 and shares a cell with his brother mohammed .
victoria mckennon , 17 , is student at plano senior high school in texas . is desperate to take part in school s graduation ceremony in dallas in june . but officials wo n t let her unless she makes up work she has had to miss . this may not happen as she struggles with her life threatening condition .
arrest warrant has been issued for alex soumbadze , 26 , a karate instructor from bethesda , maryland . soumbadze confessed to trading and uploading child porn videos that were found at his home in early april . he fled us two days after police interview , possibly returning to his native country of georgia .
the death of a toddler two weeks ago is being treated as suspicious . police issued crime scene warrant on the property in neilrex , nsw on wed . detective whiteside said that due to inquiries it is regarded as suspicious . the 20 month old was rushed to hospital after struggling to breathe . police believe that members of the neilrex community have information .
newport gwent dragons scored tries through hallam amos and nic cudd along with a penalty try . cardiff replied with scores from lloyd williams , gareth anscombe and number eight josh navidi . wales captain sam warburton was in action for the blues .
the space bins have been designed for the next generation of 737s . they can hold six standard sized bags two more than the current set up . that would create enough space for up to 62 more carry on bags . so far two airlines delta and alaska have ordered the new luggage bins . monarch , ryanair and thomson have all placed orders for new 737s .
jimmy anderson will make 100th test appearance for england on monday . england play the west indies in the first of three test matches . anderson reveals he has no plans to retire and still feels fit . the 32 year old admits low periods during his early career spurred him on .
sgt . george hildebidle barricaded himself inside his grand oaks home . his wife called 911 about 7am . police surrounded the house and evacuated nearby properties . just before 1pm they entered and found hildebidle dead . he was described as a great sergeant who did wonderful things . incident unrelated to the case of michael slager , the cop accused of murder .
james haskell dresses in iron man costume and posts it on instagram . the avengers age of ultron move hit the screens in england this week . haskell returned to london wasps for the 2012 season and is captain .
antonio nu ez , 59 , was arguing with girlfriend at 4am at home in texas . it escalated and he stabbed the woman in the backside with pitchfork . she pepper sprayed him , called 911 , is in hospital recovering .
pep guardiola blamed injuries for his side s disappointing defeat to porto . bayern munich s players were guilty of poor individual errors for the goals . porto boss julen lopetegui is now dreaming of a semi final place .
psg striker zlatan ibrahimovic will miss his side s next four league games . ibrahimovic will be allowed to play in saturday s league cup final . the sweden international blasted lionel jaffredo after bordeaux match .
police say 275 , 000 demonstrators marched in sao paulo . many want president dilma rousseff to be impeached . a corruption scandal has implicated politicians in her party .
chris roberts of one world labs grabbed after plane landed in syracuse . two fbi agents spent four hours questioning him about cyberhacking . agents confiscated electronic devices and computer files from roberts . he flew in to give talk at aerospace conference about plane vulnerabilities . roberts featured on fox news on the record with greta van susteren . regarded as one of the world s top experts on counter threat intelligence .
obama s point man in isis fight does n t rule out u . s . military action beyond iraq and syria . brett mcgurk iraqi leader making progress with sunni tribes in planned anbar offensive .
david villa has rung the new york stock exchange opening bell . he is enjoying his debut season playing for new york city fc . villa has scored one goal so far for his new club .
chelsea s eden hazard is poised to be crowned pfa player of the year . gary neville feels he is nowhere near cristiano ronaldo or lionel messi . the former manchester united right back says hazard must become a bully . neville hazard needs to bully defenders more , become a killer , somebody who gives full backs nightmares before they play against him .
aaron cresswell has impressed during debut season in premier league . the left back joined west ham from championship club ipswich for 2m . manchester city and chelsea are both keen to sign the 25 year old . both clubs are mindful of boosting their quota of homegrown players .
polling shows scottish national party has extended its lead over labour . constituency surveys suggest labour party faces unprecedented wipeout . jim murphy , its scottish leader , among those on course to lose their seats .
a 19 year old woman said a man had looked under her changing cubicle . police issued cctv images from at aqua vale swimming pool in aylesbury . new pictures thought to be connected to similar incident at the same pool . on february 7 , two teenage girls were sexually assaulted in changing area .
ashley doody attacked pet dog trixie on sunday after allegedly taking bath salts . trixie was seriously wounded during the attack but is expected to survive .
castleford tigers defeated hull kr 25 4 in the super league on april 11 . australian winger justin carney dislocated his elbow during win . james clare is expected to take carney s place against widnes on sunday .
ann price was the woman behind the ghetto burger , called best in america by the wall street journal in 2007 . cause of death has yet to be released . price s signature creation was a double cheeseburger with bacon , grilled onions , ketchup , mustard and chili .
the video first went viral after being uploaded to youtube in june 2012 . it was reposted on tuesday by popular radio hosts fitzy and whipper . youtube commenters outlined a number of visual inaccuracies in the clip . swell experts declared it is impossible for waves could reach the harbour .
manchester united take on rival manchester city on sunday . wayne rooney knows pride is at stake in the premier league clash . united have lost their last four meeting against city . sergio aguero scoring at manchester united gives me shivers . read just how manc is the manchester derby ? .
charles manuel of lamoni , iowa admitted to a review board that he traded sexual favors for his services . manuel also fessed up to performing exorcisms and to telling patients to stop taking medications prescribed to them by a medical doctor . the iowa board of chiropractic required manuel to pledge he would not apply for reinstatement of the license , but only for 10 years .
boy george posted video of robbie keane singing on facebook . la galaxy s keane was belting out his version of karma chameleon . while enthusiastic he does n t appear to know the words to the song .
lorient made it out of the ligue 1 relegation zone by beating marseille . jordan ayew scored twice to outshine his brother at the velodrome . marseille have now lost three games in a row to destory their title hopes .
smoke from massive fires in siberia created fiery sunsets in the pacific northwest . atmospheric winds carried smoke from the wildfires across the pacific ocean . smoke particles altered wavelengths from the sun , creating a more intense color .
jordan henderson says his team will not give up hope of top four finish . liverpool were beaten 4 1 at arsenal in a massive blow to their hopes . defeat left liverpool eight points off fourth place with seven to play . liverpool face blackburn in fa cup quarter final replay on wednesday .
warning graphic content . madalina neagu , 42 , arrived at a romanian hospital with abdominal pain . she believed she was going into labour and doctors prepared for surgery . they carried out tests and found she actually had an 11lbs 5kg tumour . she had emergency surgery to remove the tumour and has now recovered .
art deco gas station once featured in films like la story and 48 hours before falling into disrepair . opened in 1935 in la by the american giants gilmore oil it was eventually closed in the 1990s . property has now been bought by starbucks and transformed into a coffee shop .
robots are made out of old car parts and have cctv cameras as heads . originally created by artist giles walker for a show called peepshow . .
the attack at a garissa university last week killed 147 people , mostly students . mohamed mohamud taught at a madrassa in the kenyan town . authorities fear the rise of homegrown terrorists in the african country .
kayla mooney , who is in her first year teaching in danbury , connecticut , engaged in sexual contact with a male student off campus last year . she turned herself in on tuesday following a seven week police investigation after administrators learned of the alleged relationship .
john carver had a training ground bust up with jonas gutierrez . the newcastle boss dropped the defender in the aftermath of incident . now , carver says the pair have shaken hands like men and moved on . gutierrez will be in newcastle s squad to face swansea on saturday .
the boy , who can not be named , must stay in the care of the local authority . comes after having half of his teeth extracted due to a high sugar diet . details emerged at a family court hearing that took place in reading .
designs made from real gold were shown on the catwalk in xi an china . models strutted their stuff in underwear and a shirt made from gold . the items cost around 40 , 000 each but are not intended for sale .
poll shows 43 think labour leader ed miliband wants to win the most . just 7 think david cameron is enjoying the campaign more than rivals . tories step up efforts to show their leader is passionate about campaign . cameron says he is feeling pumped ahead of bloody important election .
abdirahman sheik mohamud pleads not guilty to charges of providing material support to terrorists and lying to the fbi . the columbus , ohio , resident became a u . s . citizen in february 2014 . in april 2014 , he went to syria for terrorism training , prosecutors say in a news release .
andrew getty s death appears to be from natural causes , police say , citing coroner s early assessment . in a petition for a restraining order , getty had written he had a serious medical condition . . police say this is not a criminal matter at this time .
gary bowyer hopes jordan rhodes can fire blackburn into next round . blackburn face liverpool at home after drawing with the reds at anfield . the championship outfit will have their first sell out crowd since 2011 .
since 2012 taxpayer has forked out 15 , 500 for james bowen s flat . 36 year old denied responsibility and claimed he told the council .
joe hart has revealed he is inspired by the likes of gianluigi buffon . italy s record cap holder buffon played his 147th game for the azzurri . man city shot stopper hart recorded his 50th appearance for england . click here to read martin samuel s match report from turin .
south korean adventure seekers have founded a surfing community near the country s border with the north . the demilitarized zone , separating the north and south , features the world s largest border military presence . the community consists of seoul s growing jet setting adventure class , hipsters , gangsters and ex pats .
research suggests certain types of music can bring out specific flavours . high pitched music highlights sourness while sweetness is a rich sound . billie holiday s voice can emphasise autumnal flavour of pumpkin pudding . digital seasoning can also help drinkers enjoy wine by up to 15 more .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2 1 at selhurst park on monday night . win all but secured palace s status in the premier league for another year . chairman steve parish says the club have funds to improve the squad . but he wants investment to carry out necessary stadium improvements . click here for the latest crystal palace news .
molly wood , 74 , killed when car with its engine running lurched forward . the pensioner was killed in tesco car park in pontefract , west yorkshire . her younger sister was also injured as she went to get a parking ticket .
family stay remarkably calm as birds fly around the room . video maker says this is awful as they bounce off the walls . he then contemplates how he is going to get rid of them . the bizarre footage was recorded at the family home in texas .
texas health resources filed response to nina pham s march lawsuit friday . statement says hospital acted responsibly to protect employees . hospital says it respected pham s privacy and only acted with her consent . because pham contracted ebola while working for the hospital , remedy should be worker s compensation claim , not civil court , hospital said .
jurgen klopp will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season . a number of clubs are interested in securing the german s signature . liverpool and man city have both been mooted as possible destinations . but klopp is only concerned with remainder of dortmund s campaign . klopp met with man city in 2013 but manuel pellegrini landed top job .