saracens lost 13 9 to clermont at stade geoffroy guichard on saturday . the sarries pack contained five english qualified forwards . saracens millionaire chairman nigel wray wants the salary cap scrapped .
man with bandages covering head robbed bank in new milton , hampshire . threatened staff before making off with a significant amount of money . police have arrested a man , 56 , from the town on suspicion of robbery .
the project is hoped to open at the former arts centre , la llotja . friend and producer jaume roures of mediapro is leading the tribute . the museum follows allen s vicky cristina barcelona , set in the city .
filmmaker rotates four stacked see through plastic cups . he selects an afro hair type , a shirt and a pair of glasses . the video maker initially uploaded his creation to reddit . one user stated there are a total of 294 possible variations .
truck stopped by police this morning after travelling 200m across the uk . police sniffer dog team found five men hiding in tiny space inside . it is thought they had climbed on board in belgium before entering britain . comes days after illegal camp in calais , france was closed down .
gael monfils beat roger federer 6 4 , 7 6 at the monte carlo masters . the frenchman showed how good he can be in thrilling last 16 win . monfils now faces grigor dimitrov in the quarter finals in monaco .
prince harry to arrive in australia next monday ahead of four week stay . will be australian soldiers in darwin , perth and sydney during trip . prince will observe elite sas soldiers , and indigenous norforce troops . the royal said to be excited for challenging and hectic schedule . the trip is the last of prince harry s military career before he retires .
bafetimbi gomis scored a brace as swansea beat hull 3 1 on saturday . the french striker tops this week s ea sports performance index . charlie austin takes second place after qpr s 4 1 win against west brom . eden hazard , alexis sancez and ander herrera also feature in the top 10 . click here for all the latest premier league news .
sienna miller , 33 , is not a gym person but loves yoga . mother of one works with a personal trainer , power walking and jogging . try hip rolls , a pilates move that targets the oblique abdominal muscles .
arsenal beat burnley 1 0 on saturday to move four points clear in second . but chief executive ivan gazidis is not happy to miss out on title again . gazidis fears arsenal may struggle to make champions league in future .
eduardo vargas has been ruled out for 10 12 weeks with knee injury . chilean ace vargas will miss the rest of the premier league season . vargas picked up the injury during saturday s win against west brom . scans revealed he sustained a grade two medial collateral ligament injury .
disgruntled flyers have taken to social media to shame feral passengers . the photographs show people with less than desirable habits on planes . images are submitted anonymously by passengers and flight attendants . the images were posted on an instagram account passenger shaming .
flight from kansas city , missouri to denver , colorado , was diverted friday . landed at colorado springs at 7 . 30 am beginning six hour ordeal . after three hours passengers could go but would have had to pay for new connecting flights and transport . during long wait airplane ran low on water , food and bathroom supplies . airline has denied it was feasible to get passengers off the flight .
wesley burton , a father of three and popular radio host at kpfa in berkeley , california , was killed in a hit and run on saturday . he was driving home from work when a white dodge charger crashed into his silver mercury . wife lucrecia has made an emotional plea for anyone with information about her husband s killer to come forward . burton had three children aged between 4 and 9 and after growing up without a father his dream had been to raise his own kids .
gupta is in kathmandu to cover the aftermath of deadly earthquake . the hospitals are so overstretched that he was asked to perform brain surgery on a teenager who had been crushed by a wall in the quake . he said the girl is now doing well but she is just one of many victims . 4 , 352 people are believed to have died , including at least four americans , and more than 6 , 000 suffered injuries .
bird watchers photographed the rare bird near british raf base at akrotiri on the island s south coast . the last recorded sighting of a black flamingo was in israel in 2014 . dark colouring thought to be caused by genetic irregularity where it can generate more melanin than usual .
the crashed plane was a cessna 414 , national transportation safety board reports . coach torrey ward , administrator aaron leetch among the 7 killed in the crash . the plane crashed while coming back from the ncaa title game in indianapolis .
medics say the driver was fortunate to still be alive given severity of crash . his jeans were left on the underside of the car in southam , warwickshire . firefighters spent 25 minutes trying to free the man trapped under the car . the man , who was thought to be in his 20s , was then air lifted to hospital .
manchester united signed a 750million , 10 year kit deal with adidas . but the old trafford club will have to wear old nike kit on us tour . united are expected to stage a 12 day tour of the us west coast . there is no buy out agreement in nike s current deal which ends in july .
debris landed on paula viccica s property in west pittston , pennsylvania . she said she saw bits of paper falling from the sky for several minutes . homeowner believes the debris came from a plane flying overhead . she filed a complaint with the federal aviation administration . paula said she wants an assurance that it does not pose a danger .
tyecka evans , 28 , charged with manslaughter in death of 3 month old taliya richardson . evans initially lied that she fell asleep at home and woke up to discover her daughter with plastic bag over her face . florida mother of two later admitted she went to a club with her sister , leaving three children home alone for nearly two hours .
barcelona s brazilian forward neymar has not scored since february 15 . however , luis enrique is not concerned by the frontman s drought . barcelona players trained on tuesday and remain on course for the treble . read xavi still has vital role to play for barcelona , insists luis enrique . click here for all the latest barcelona news .
surveillance video shows a sound transit link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in south seattle . all of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path . luckily the driver survived and was taken to hospital with only minor injuries . the incident occurred just after 11am on monday where the rail tracks intersect at 7150 martin luther king way south .
west ham are currently top of the fair play rankings in the premier league . should they finish there at the end of the season , they could qualify for the europa league next term . sam allardyce is well aware of the benefits of being able to offer european football to players in the transfer market . allardyce led bolton wanderers to uefa cup qualification in 2005 .
europa league semi final draw napoli vs dnipro , sevilla vs fiorentina . last four ties to be played on may 7 and may 14 . final takes place at national stadium in warsaw on may 27 .
milano had pumped while on plane . travelers are asked to carry only what they need .
shaquille omar hallisey attacked matthew leeke in queen street , cardiff . the 20 year old s victim was walking home when the assault took place . he pleaded guilty to wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm . judge describes attack in june 2014 as savage demonstration of violence .
werder bremen defeated hamburg sv 1 0 in the bundesliga on sunday . bruno labbadia has returned as coach to save hamburg from relegation . wolfsburg meet schalke 04 in the later game on sunday .
james was practicing at td garden in boston , massachusetts , on saturday . he made the shot by effortlessly flicking basketball at hoop 94 feet away . just before the shot hit nothing but net , james said give me my money ! . dwight howard of houston rockets issued a response video later in day . cleveland cavaliers are playing nba playoff game vs celtics on sunday .
chelsea entertain manchester united in the premier league on saturday . chelsea boss jose mourinho and united manager louis van gaal are pals . pair enjoyed a successful relationship together at barcelona in the 1990s . mourinho has since won trophies in portugal , england , italy and spain .
injured chelsea striker diego costa is expected to be out for two weeks . he could return in time to face arsenal in the premier league run in . spain striker limped off just 11 minutes into appearance against stoke city .
ridley stays in the afc east after signing a one year deal with the jets . the running back joins a revamped offense including fellow free agency acquisitions brandon marshall and ryan fitzpatrick . he had a career high year in 2012 but played just six games last season after a tear to his right acl .
the company says it is seeking to redefine sexy . victoria s secret was criticized for its perfect body campaign .
jason dufner and amanda married in 2012 . divorce settlement states there had been an irretrievable breakdown of the marriage . amanda will receive 2 . 5 m as part of the settlement while jason will keep two houses .
manchester city s hopes of retaining the premier league title were dealt a hammer blow after a 2 1 defeat at crystal palace . vincent kompany and city players were visibly frustrated and the belgian even manhandled referee michael oliver . glenn murray and jason puncheon gave palace a 2 0 lead before yaya toure scored what proved to be a consolation for city . for the 16th league game this season , city fielded a starting line up with no english outfield players .
nick scholfield is lined up to ride spring heeled in the grand national . the famous race takes place at aintree on april 11 . scholfield travels to ireland to sit on spring heeled on friday .
stephen curry scored 27 points against the clippers to help his side to win . klay thompson also played key role in golden state warriors victory . eastern conference leaders atlanta hawks were beaten by detroit .
defector deploys balloons with the interview to north korea . lee min bok says he finds the movie vulgar , but sends it anyway .
pep guardiola is set for contract negotiations at the end of the season . the former barcelona boss is out of contract in the summer of 2016 . board member jan christian dreesen does not believe guardiola s decision on a new contract will be influenced by money . bayern munich are 10 points clear at the top of the bundesliga .
michelle filkins , 44 , of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering , larceny over 250 , and the malicious destruction of property . she was arrested on april 17 after owner mark conklin found her sitting in his summer home . a neighbor told police he saw filkins outside with items from the house and that she appeared to be having a yard sale or giving the items away . police are asking anyone who received items from the home including a lamp and a painting to return them .
liverpool 2 0 newcastle united click here to read the match report . philippe coutinho starred in liverpool s premier league win on monday . sportsmail s jamie carragher feels coutinho is becoming their key man . liverpool boss brendan rodgers we can still finish in the top four . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
trevor duffy , a university of albany fraternity pledge who died during hazing last november , drank a 60 ounce bottle of vodka . this according to court papers filed by two students who were expelled after his death and wish to return to the college . duffy s death came after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by zeta beta tau members at an off campus home . 24 members of the underground fraternity were sanctioned by the university after the incident . an investigation determined members of the frat were guilty of drug , alcohol and student group violations . no one has been arrested in duffy s death and albany police said their investigation is continuing . four other men were also treated for alcohol poisoning that night .
graeme dott had to play three best of 19 frame matches to qualify . he overcame ricky walden 10 8 in first round crucible clash . but former world champion fears exhaustion will ruin his bid for 2015 title . meanwhile , john higgins impressed with a 10 5 victory over robert milkins .
mario gomez has been linked with a move to la liga giants barcelona . however gomez insists he would reject a transfer to the nou camp . the striker joined fiorentina in 2013 for a fee believed to be over 17m .
milos raonic had to pull out of tournament after sustaining foot injury . tomas berdych will face grigor dimitrov or gael monfils in next round . berdych is yet to lose a set this week following raonic s injury .
terrill wayne newman is vying to become the next kentucky governor . on tuesday he legally changed his name to gatewood galbraith after a late local celebrity who bid five times for the title but never won enough votes . newman says he does n t expect to be elected but hopes the gesture will warm galbraith s grave .
arsenal have shown an interest in liverpool forward raheem sterling . however sterling s recent behaviour has troubled arsenal s hierarchy . sterling has been caught smoking shisha and inhaling nitrous oxide . man city , man united and chelsea are monitoring sterling s situation . read real madrid are keen on signing sterling , says zinedine zidane . read sterling pictured again with shisha pipe . . . this time with jordan ibe .
fifteen baltimore police officers were injured monday night in clashes with rioters angry over the death of freddie gray . while most the officers appeared peaceful in their control of the crowds , one officer was pictured lobbing a rock back at rioters .
kendra moad of kearns , utah followed her grandfather out of the house friday morning and into the driveway . he did not see the 20 month old toddler and ran her over as he pulled his truck up in the driveway to move the trash cans . this is now the fourth time since august that a child was accidentally run over and killed in their own driveway by a family member in utah . kendra suffered severe head trauma and was unconscious when workers arrived , and was pronounced dead shortly after at a nearby hospital . the grandfather is not facing any charges at this time , but the case remains under investigation .
study at maastricht university found access to drug lowered grade scores . those who could buy cannabis legally did 5 worse across all courses . statistics were worst for maths students or those developing number skills . economists say more to be done to investigate the drug s affect on society .
manchester united have six ex players in champions league semi finals . javier hernandez scored the winner for real madrid against atletico madrid . paul pogba , carlos tevez and patrice evra play for italian side juventus . cristiano ronaldo set up hernandez s goal for real madrid on wednesday . barcelona s gerard pique helped keep out paris saint germain . hernandez was the hero for madrid but he will need to find a new home .
boris johnson said he hopes to be considered for tory leadership after pm . but london mayor insisted position would not become vacant for 5 years . david cameron named mr johnson as one of three potential successors .
65 parmigiani watches given to fifa delegates at world cup in brazil . fifa ethics committee ordered the watch be given back . greg dyke did not give his back as he wanted to auction it for charity . dyke has now given the watch back with all 65 to be donated to charity .
group of vicars say coe schools should stop selecting pupils on faith . many christian schools give priority to those who regularly attend church . but vicars argue the system is open to abuse and oversubscribed schools may reject non churchgoing families even though they may live nearby . clergymen said affluent parents were more likely to cheat the system by going to church just to get their children into a high performing coe school .
author margaret atwood dismissed katherine as an uneventful dresser . she says duchess of cambridge has n t lived up to fashion icon diana . miss atwood says kate is cautious when it comes to clothing .
virgin australia launches complimentary food on all domestic flights . package will also include free checked baggage on all local flights . food and beverage service tailored to time of day and duration of journey . move also includes free checked baggage on all domestic flights .
oriol romeu is on a season long loan at stuttgart from chelsea . the spanish midfielder predicts the scores in saturday s matches . romeu goes head to head with sportsmail s martin keown .
richard henyekane died in car accident in the early hours of tuesday . the former south africa striker was the only person to die in the crash . henyekane made nine appearances for south africa back in 2009 .
fabian orellana was angered by sergio busquets time wasting tactics . the celta vigo striker threw lump of turf towards the barca midfielder . orellana will now serve a one match ban for his antics and will miss celta s next game against grenada on wednesday .
the shibu inu puppy has the impromptu chat with a husky . begins vocalising with a yappy bark while the husky whines . american kennel club staff try to pacify the excited shibu inu . shibu inu runs in the air in an attempt to get closer to husky .
caroline wozniacki played tennis with us president barack obama as part of the gimmegive campaign at the annual easter egg roll . the campaign aimed at promoting more active and healthy lifestyles among american people involved several celebrities . the event was broadcast on the popular american talk show live ! .
a balanced diet can get harder to achieve around the holiday times . to keep healthy it s important to maintain regular exercise . to burn off four mini easter eggs you ll need to exercise for 40 minutes . a large easter bunny would have you on the squash court for 3 hours . those who eat hot cross buns would spend an hour hitting the pavement .
thomas set to be named as one of eight new referees for the 2015 season . the married mother of three has regularly officiated college games . thomas was the first woman to officiate an ncaa game in 2007 . she has also spent time in the nfl s developmental program for officials .
law allows police to hold suspects for two years without charge or trial . government appointed terror board can then decide to grant an extension . opponents and human rights groups said the bill was open to abuse and represents a giant step backwards for human rights . law has been introduced to combat the growing threat of isis in malaysia .
anonymous instagram account called chef jacques lamerde is poking fun at high end dining . pictures feature artistically arranged funk food , such as dunk a roos and cheez whiz . the account has over 18 , 000 followers . pictures are elaborately captioned featuring a palate cleansing shot of fermented lake michigan water .
some 1 , 500 migrants were rescued by coast guards in 24 hours . the migrants were picked up from five boats in the mediterranean . arrivals are up 43 per cent this year versus same period in 2014 .
models abbey and lily are joined by alice dellal and singer foxes . the women are pictured wearing their support . abbey , 29 , says she is proud to be part of a campaign that funds vital work . campaign has raised 13 . 5 m for breakthrough breast cancer s research .
former arsenal star ellen white scored brilliantly against her old team . two county players appeared to mess up free kick , before white scored . but white also missed a penalty as arsenal equalised .
japan s kei nishikori emerged triumphant from second round encounter . he beat his russian challenger in straight sets of 6 3 6 4 in barcelona . rafael nadal s first match will be against fellow spaniard nicolas almagro .
southampton have dropped out of the premier league top six . ronald koeman has pinpointed his team s struggle to hit the net . he feels the problem is down to opponents having more respect for saints .
lewis hamilton and nico rosberg will renew their rivalry in bahrain . the mercedes pair had argued in the aftermath of the chinese grand prix . hamilton , though , has dismissed mind games and is focused on the next race .
greg dyke wants to increase the minimum number of homegrown players at premier league clubs from eight to 12 . fa chairman has been backed by ex england bosses graham taylor , glenn hoddle , kevin keegan , sven goran eriksson and steve mcclaren . rise of harry kane proves england can develop talented youngsters .
michael phelps won his first race back following six month suspension . phelps was suspended by usa swimming for failing a drink driving test . olympic champion won 100m butterfly at the arena pro swim series .
ilkay gundogan is seen as a successor to michael carrick in midfield . manchester united boss louis van gaal has been impressed by carrick . van gaal feels gundogan can replicate 33 year old carrick s displays .
teenager has burns to 55 of his body after religiously motivated attack . muslims beat him and set him alight with kerosene because he is christian . attack follows taliban bombing which killed 17 in lahore church in march .
joao teixeira will miss brighton s last three games of the season . the portuguese starlet sustained broken leg in 0 0 draw with huddersfield . liverpool s teixeira joined brighton on season long loan deal in august .
kyle naughton ruled out for six weeks with ankle ligament damage . david meyler was sent off the tackle and will serve a suspension . angel rangel could replace naughton for their home game versus everton . click here for all the latest swansea news .
un s international civil aviation organization icao reported significant safety concerns with thailand s aviation safety . china , south korea and japan have banned any new charter flights . the country s airlines now receive strict inspections in australia . thailand said it plans to inform countries about the status of its aviation safety and the solutions to fix the faults . . . as soon as possible .
tv chiefs have announced drama poldark will return for second season . about 8 . 1 million people on average tuned in to watch each episode . second series will be based on winston graham s third and fourth books .
zaur dadaev is accused of shooting the kremlin critic , close to red square . suspect had reportedly confessed to murder but later retracted statement . claims he was abducted , beaten and pressured into confessing to murder .
david seaman reveals that his save against sheffield united was his best . the former arsenal keeper somehow kept out paul peschisolido s header . seaman has warned the gunners to be wary of underdogs reading . arsenal were given a torrid time by sheffield united back in 2003 . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
luke tingey and kyran wiltshire to spend time at united s carrington hq . tingey , 18 , became youtube sensation after stunning 40 yard free kick . wiltshire , a central midfielder , was involved in mk dons pre season squad . united keen to bring in talented younger players to boost squad numbers ahead of next season s uefa under 19 youth league competition . read what has louis van gaal changed since man utd sacked moyes ? . read manchester united gareth bale to give his side needed dynamism .
jake drage released after nine months in an indonesian prison . drage was jailed following a crash that killed a woman riding a motorbike . 23 year old west australian man sang children s songs as he was released . says one of the first things he ll do is go surfing after getting back home .
andy burnham says labour would enforce the premier league to invest an estimtated 400million into grassroots football with the new tv deal . the shadow health secretary accused prime minister david cameron of not fulfilling his promises of investing and improving grassroots . labour s sports spokesman clive efford promised to get tough .
san antonio spurs players take part in spuran spuran music video . the nba champions perform single spurs ! . kawhi leonard , matt bonner , patty mills and aron baynes all teamed up . spurs are third in the western conference with the play offs approaching .
stefano pioli is enjoying the success but remains focused on results . pioli s men reached their eighth coppa italia final with a win over napoli . third placed lazio are a point behind roma in second with nine serie a games remaining .
harry dowd played a key role in fa cup triumph over leicester city . dowd continued working as a plumber during his professional career . the former keeper scored for city , playing outfield after breaking his thumb .
the queen was pictured on her annual visit to newbury s opening . her richard hannon trained two year old ring of truth went close to a win . the 7 1 shot was making her debut in the al basti equiworld maiden stakes .
superior court judge m . marc kelly handed kevin jonas rojano nieto a 10 year sentence . the mandatory sentence rojano nieto should have received was 25 years to life . the state of california has said that it will appeal judge kelly s decision .
chad geyen of ramsey , minnesota was found dead on sunday of a self inflicted gunshot wound . the married father of two had been reported missing on saturday . he was set to stand trial monday on five counts of first degree and two counts of second degree criminal sexual conduct . six boys claim they were sexually abused by the man hundreds of times starting when some were as young as 5 years old . one of the boys was even taken in by geyen as a foster child . the hennepin county medical examiner s office is set to release further details about geyen s death later this week .
a pilot was flying a short flight from oenpelli to jabiru , northern territory . on board the flight last year were the pilot , two adults and three children . the pilot reported the children on board were excited and a little disruptive . the passenger seated in the front seat coughed through the headset . the pilot says this distracted him as he forgot to lower the landing gear . report also found the pilot was relatively new to the cessna 310 aircraft . there were no injuries but the aircraft was substantially damaged .
phil blackwood was sentenced to two and a half years with hard labour . posted the mocked up image advertising a cheap drinks night on facebook . 32 year old was found guilty of insulting religion despite apologising .
town planners have allowed two costa cafes less than 500 yards apart . two coffee shops in windsor will be just a short walk away from each other . and there is even a costa express in between the two new outlets .
danny lennon was named interim scotland under 21 manager last month . lennon won his only game in charge , a 2 1 win against hungary . sfa announced lennon s departure in a statement on tuesday . former st mirren boss lennon looks set to take over at alloa athletic .
steph curry made 94 out of his 100 attempts during the practice session . golden state warriors sit top of the western conference standings . warriors host denver nuggets in regular season finale on wednesday .
bill would require all new dryers to be no louder than 84 decibels . state senator says the air knife elicited episodes in his autistic son .
kendra spears , 26 , has given birth to her first child , a son named irfan . the baby , whose father is prince rahim aga khan , was born in geneva . ms spears , now known as princess salwa , is said to be doing well .
prime minister and tv star karren brady announced new apprenticeships . baroness brady was pictured during event helping the pm with his jacket . pair were announcing 16 , 000 more training positions for young people .
tories returned donation from beatrice tollman , founder of hotel chain . she had previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax before the charges were dismissed by a judge . but on same day husband stanley tollman pleaded guilty to tax evasion .
edinson cavani struggled in both legs for psg against barcelona . uruguayan striker s scoring record in ligue 1 is n t what it should be . louis van gaal prefers to work with young talent and cavani is 28 . radamel falcao has struggled at manchester united after signing on loan . cavani says he wants to stay at psg and he may not have much choice . van gaal identifies ilkay gundogan as replacement for michael carrick .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao face off in las vegas on may 2 . joe calzaghe believes mayweather s unbeaten record is a burden . despite that , the welshman thinks mayweather will beat his opponent . read ricky hatton gives his prediction to jeff powell ahead of the fight . read floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao tickets finally go on sale .
the dogs called sky , sadie and marshall each stand in the front room . springer spaniel begins barking before husky turns song into howl . third dog joins in with the song and the three dogs howl even louder . before owner interrupts them and they stop and stare at him in surprise .
andrew drew butler , 25 , allegedly shot mother of three kendra gonzalez . he was in passenger seat while pair were driving in san jose , california . dragged her body out of the car and left it lying on the street . butler told the children to get out , drove off and abandoned them .
grimes cottage is a heritage listed 1830s colonial georgian residence with three storeys and six bedrooms . one of the oldest surviving homes in sydney the 185 year old house was built by whaling captain george grimes . less than 10 minutes walk to the city s centre the property boasts sydney harbour bridge views . only one of two freestanding properties in nsw goverment s social housing portfolio earmarked to be sold in area . the 50 argyle place property is situated in the much sought after postcode of millers point .
rory mcilory was joined on the course by niall horan for par 3 contest . the one direction star suffered an embarrassing slip while carrying mcilroy s clubs during the round on wednesday . mcilroy shot a one under par round to finish in a tie for 16th .
kim howe s stepchildren are said to have lawyered up following her death . mrs howe , 69 , died after being involved in a crash with the reality tv star . thought she has no living blood relatives so stepchildren have only claim . attorneys sky s the limit for pay out in a successful wrongful death suit .
photographer atif saeed crept to within ten feet of the hungry male lion . fearless mr saeed left the safety of his car to sit on the ground for the shot . as soon as the camera captured the image , mr saeed had to flee for his life . the lion charged at the intrepid photographer as he closed the car s door .
the curious canine kitchen is a holistic restaurant for four legged friends . for 20 per dog , your pet will be treated to a slap up five course set menu . all proceeds will be donated to amazon cares , a street dogs charity .
steven naismith has worked with the likes of job centre plus , dyslexia scotland and the whitechapel centre in liverpool . 28 year old has given back to communities that have supported him . everton forward teamed up with job centre plus to offer unemployed fans the opportunity to watch the club this season .
dan klice , 57 , was hit by soaring projectile after a gust of wind . tried to dodge it , but fell , leaving his heel exposed when javelin struck . he was judging a contest at ramapo college , mahwah , new jersey .
aston villa drew 3 3 with qpr in their premier league clash on monday . belgium striker christian benteke scored a hat trick for the villans . robert green was embarrassed by a nutmeg from a cheeky ball boy .
novak djokovic beats rafael nadal 6 3 6 3 in monte carlo . serbian world no 1 will face tomas berdych in the final .
iceland has become an increasingly popular filming location recently . christopher nolan s interstellar was shot atop the svinafellsjokull glacier . europe s most powerful waterfall , dettifoss , was featured in prometheus . game of thrones producers opted to film at thingvellir national park . warning story contains spoilers for series four of game of thrones .
cnn investigation uncovers the business inside a human smuggling ring . 10 discount offered for every referral of another paying migrant , desperate to reach europe .
atletico madrid drew 0 0 with real madrid in first leg at vicente calderon . mandzukic was battered and bruised during the quarter final match . the atletico striker came to blows with sergio ramos and dani carvajal . diego simeone says mandzukic should be fit for wednesday s second leg .
doctors , teachers and psychologists being trained to cope with rising tide . the exorcist film left cinema audiences green more than 40 years ago . experts are teaching ordinary catholics how to recognise possession . course aims to help would be exorcists distinguish demonic possession from psychological or medical conditions .
kurt ludwigsen fired by nyack college in march after allegations surfaced . police say he kissed , fondled and was inappropriate towards 13 players . ludwigsen charged with forcible touching , harassment and sexual abuse . the 43 year old father of two is being held on 15 , 000 bail after arrest . would have been coach s first season at nyack , a christian school in ny . ludwigsen , a career softball coach , lives in ridgewood , new jersey .
indian man , 41 , accused of posting insulting status about islamic prophet . allegedly told police he wrote the status after watching footage of iraq war . if found guilty he faces up to seven years in prison , a huge fine , or both .
the 26 year old mother was found sitting in her cubicle at ceva logistics in michigan with blood on her clothes . co workers heard moaning and found blood all over bathroom stall . police arrived on the scene and discovered baby s body stuffed inside mother s bag beneath her desk . medical examiner will determine whether or not the baby was born alive .
daniel sturridge has dance off with kop kids presenter paisley . liverpool striker shows off new dance move called feed the ducks . 25 year old reveals his passion for music and dancing . read sturridge fitness our main concern says liverpool boss rodgers . read sturridge heads back to the us to see specialist .
matthew kenney , 34 , said he smoked flakka before he went streaking . was arrested on saturday after run through fort lauderdale , florida . drug is made from same version of stimulant used to produce bath salts . it causes euphoria , hallucinations , psychosis and superhuman strength . kenney has prior arrests and was hospitalized for a psychiatric evaluation .
warning graphic content . police in brazil found frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs at the restaurant . chinese owner van ruilonc admitted making pasties out of stray canines . dog meat would be sold to unwitting customers at the fast food outlet .
kevin coulton , 16 , from manchester stuck his mouth in the rim of a glass . the schoolboy wanted to achieve a fuller pout like celebrity kylie jenner . but , like scores before him , he was left with painful bruising around lips . now he is warning peers not to take part in craze sweeping social media .
warning graphic content . series of photos appear to show the beheading of a man in hama in syria . man is handcuffed and blindfolded as he is led from a van to area of land . he is surrounded by men with guns and executioner with a meat cleaver . it is claimed the man was beheaded because he is an alleged blasphemer .
a qantas jet bound for perth has been forced to return to sydney airport after a safety light turned on mid air . airbus a330 took off soon after 11am but was back on tarmac by 12 . 30 pm . after an indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors . engineers are inspecting aircraft but no evidence at this stage of a problem .
the world has been paying tribute to richie benaud , the voice of cricket . former australia captain and legendary cricket commentator died aged 84 . in november , benaud revealed he was being treated for skin cancer .
one died and three injured as plane crashes on motorway in germany . four seater plane believed to have crashed shortly after take off . plane came down between fence and a rail , just feet from passing cars .
newcastle were denied a penalty against liverpool on monday night . ayoze perez was brought down by a rash challenge from dejan lovren . sky pundit gary neville has criticised the referee s lack of action . the magpies went on to lose the game 2 0 at anfield .
lawrence phillips , 39 , was one of the nation s top players for nebraska . he was jailed in 2005 and sentenced to 31 years at kern valley state prison . his cellmate damion soward , 37 , was found lifeless on saturday morning . soward was serving 82 years to life for first degree murder .
video shows the planes approaching the runway at the same speed . the two aircraft maintain this as their wheels touch the tarmac . aviation expert calls the manoeuvre closely spaced parallel runway operations .
rose put himself in contention , ending the second day on seven under . it took a neat bit of psychology to rescue his round after a disastrous start . rose bogeyed three of the first four , finding himself playing from the trees . and that was where the magic pencil line came to his rescue .
31 year old reportedly transferred to ashworth hospital , merseyside . move to high security psychiatric unit comes after cregan refused food . killed two men before luring two officers to house with fake 999 call . fired 32 bullets at fiona bone and nicola hughes and threw a grenade .
dame maggie smith s character may appear in american period drama . the guilded age was by julian fellowes and is based in new york . there may also be a plot for american born cora in the u . s . show .
leighton baines and luke garbutt visit children s hospital in liverpool . everton defenders hand out easter eggs to young patients and families . toffees face premier league clash against southampton on saturday .
twisted sister s 2016 tour will be its last . band will celebrate 40 years in 2016 . twisted sister drummer a . j . pero died in march .
the group were on a crabbing trip near anderson island , washington . they video two killer whales jumping from water at a safe distance . suddenly the pod get closer and swim underneath the small boat . video maker and friends panic and begin rowing back to shore .
manchester city lost 2 1 against crystal palace on monday night . gary neville they ve got a mentality problem . . former manchester united and england defender neville on what is wrong with reigning champions city this team can not sustain success . jamie carragher yaya toure ducked out of his duties in the wall . click here for all the latest man city news .
police in paramus , new jersey , captured stray goat in middle of the road . authorities still working to find owner of goat , who is with animal control .
shay given to start against liverpool in fa cup a day before he turns 39 . tim sherwood confirmed the news as he prepares for sunday s semi final . given has played in all four of aston villa s fa cup matches this term .
paula dunican paid 25 for the baby blue coat at her local branch of asda . when she took it home she noticed a seeping stain on the back of coat . she then discovered the reptile s crushed body on the garment s lining . the supermarket has apologised and offered her a 40 voucher and refund .
unnamed worker was spotted on the roof of a house in south east london . appeared to only be using rope for safety while 30 feet above the ground . health and safety executive attended and stopped the work following concerns .
nigel farage is considering quitting smoking because of terrible back pain . ukip leader was n t firing on all cylinders at the start of election campaign . suffering from flare up of spinal injury and been prescribed sleeping pills .
adam federici allowed alexis sanchez s shot to squirm through his legs . his error meant arsenal advanced to the fa cup final after extra time . reading boss steve clarke has backed his goalkeeper to get back on track . the royals face birmingham in the championship on wednesday night .
doctors at the university of arkansas for medical sciences found a 56 year old man s kidney problems stemmed from drinking too much iced tea . black tea contains oxalate , a chemical known to produce kidney stones and sometimes lead to kidney failure . the unidentified man will likely spend the rest of his life in dialysis .
aid organizations are still working to help the people of nepal in the wake of two major earthquakes . thousands were killed in a magnitude 7 . 8 earthquake in nepal on april 25 . a second quake rocked the country less than three weeks later .
felipe massa says he is performing as good as he was in 2008 . the brazilian challenged for the title seven years ago but finished 2nd . massa has enjoyed a storming start to the new formula one season . the williams driver sits 4th in the championship standings with 30 points .
the weekend saw bbc s fa cup coverage compete with sky s premier league . it was a refreshing throwback to see the bbc s use of archive footage . gary lineker remains one of the bbc s prized assets and they must keep him .
the icc confirm mustafa kamal s departure as president . kamal unhappy with umpires after india beat bangladesh at the world cup . there will be no immediate replacement for kamal .
police seized 20 kilograms of kava after pulling over an unregistered car . a 39 year old man and a 26 year old woman have been charged . police found the kava divided into 862 deal bags on sunday . they also found a small quantity of cannabis and four unrestrained kids . the pair will appear in katherine magistrates court on monday . kava is a depressant drug made from the root or stump of the kava shrub .
customers used to white lids on the famous zero calorie , zero sugar type . other variants coke zero and coke life used to have black and green tops . but company has now brought all four variants together under one brand . company accused of messing with our heads with red tops for all types .
the male employee and a female accomplice worked as a team to manipulate a screening system at denver international airport in 2014 . she would indicate a female was being screened when it was a male passenger after a signal when male worker found someone attractive . the tsa machine would then show up an anomaly in the genital area and the male tsa employee would pat down the male passenger s genitals . both tsa employees have been fired but criminal charges were not filed .
alex elenes persuaded his cousin to go to the amazon over machu picchu . he booked many exciting tours including a jungle trek and piranha fishing . the traveller slept through the entire trip , missing sloths and monkeys . his cousin roxy de la rosa posted the hilarious pictures on reddit .
a 13 year old girl who vanished 40 years ago may still be alive . marian carole rees disappeared from hillsdale in southern sydney . she often talked about running away and an inquest has heard it was not suspicious . magistrate sharon freund believes she may still want to avoid detection . she said she was unconvinced that ms rees is dead .
300 inmates including al qaeda leader freed during breakout at jail . two guards and five inmates killed in clashes . 44 people , including 18 civilians , reportedly killed in city of aden . security officials later confirmed fall of the palace .
deputy pm was met by protesters in surbiton , south west london . protesters chanted nick clegg lied to me , he said uni would be free . mr clegg ignored the protesters and launched new assault on the tories . he said george osborne s plan was socially and morally unacceptable .
ankit keshri was on the pitch as a substitute fielder having been 12th man . 20 year old did regain consciousness after colliding with team mate . sachin tendulkar is one of several stars to give his condolences .
chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the premier league table . blues have announced partnership with fitness leaders technogym . kurt zouma , eden hazard and nemanja matic have been working out . jose mourinho s side host man united at stamford bridge on saturday .
amol gupta was playing in a match on roosevelt island in april 2013 when he injured himself . gupta suffered a broke nose and elbow , and damaged his spine when he slammed into retaining wall . kickball game was organized by zogsports league .
new york reports 160 hospitalizations related to synthetic marijuana . gov . andrew cuomo issued a health alert .
the two moms from big bang theory guest star this week . backstrom , blue bloods are among the week s season finales . comedy younger is gaining big buzz .
rolando aarons was in contention to play for under 21s on wednesday . the 19 year old newcastle midfielder has suffered another injury setback . the magpies have lost their last five barclays premier league matches .
juan mata scored as manchester united thumped manchester city . victory sends louis van gaal s side four points clear of their rivals in third . manchester united are now just one point adrift of second placed arsenal . mata has challenged his teammates to keep on fighting right to the end .
england needed to beat france in their final euro 2015 qualifier . but goals from sehrou guirassy and gnaly cornet won it for the hosts . late response from fulham s patrick roberts was n t enough .
drug is made from same version of stimulant used to produce bath salts . flakka can be injected , snorted , smoked , or swallowed . it causes euphoria , hallucinations , psychosis and superhuman strength . high lasts for couple hours and users have strong desire to re use . more than 670 flakka occurrences in florida in 2014 , up from 85 in 2012 .
staff at restaurant in chengdu heard crying and found a newborn baby . the tot still had the umbilical cord and placenta attached but was otherwise fine . woman who had been in toilet returned to her table like she was in trance . she was arrested after cctv showed her visiting the restroom .
gang hatched an audacious plot to rob guanghui temple in north china . plan involved renting restaurant across the street and digging 70m tunnel . but before they could breach temple , police were tipped off about the heist . 5 men were arrested including the gang s leader , a well known artefact thief .
the crash occurred at the exotic driving experience at walt disney world speedway . officials say the driver , 24 year old tavon watson , lost control of a lamborghini . passenger gary terry , 36 , died at the scene .
grant allen , 38 , spent 30 , 000 holidaying with girlfriend gaynor godwin . he bought houses in costa del sol as well as in essex and hertfordshire . court heard meat trader hid fraud by funnelling cash into partner s bank . allen was previously jailed for six years for fraud and money laundering .
manchester city face crystal palace on monday night at selhurst park . city remain nine points behind chelsea in the premier league . manuel pellegrini knows his team can not afford to lose any more ground .
tacocannon trends in omaha as excited fans eat up the idea of flying tacos . the cannon will shoot off tacos at university of nebraska omaha s new arena .
police in dallas shot and killed jason harrison last year . a grand jury has decided not to indict the officers . the officers are still facing a civil lawsuit filed by harrison s family .
manny pacquiao continued his high intensity training with a mountain run . filipino fighter is preparing for mega fight with floyd mayweather jnr . fans joined pacquiao as he climbed to the top of the griffith park summit . the mega fight with mayweather jnr is now less than a month away .
roscoe was caught on camera this week at the asheville humane society in north carolina taking some of his first steps . the rescue pup was born with a deformity which caused his front to legs to be bent backwards at the knees .
godfrey elfwick recruited via twitter to appear on world have your say . came after claims he had never seen the star wars franchise before . on the show he described the films as both anti women and anti gay . also said that darth vader was a black man and a really bad racial stereotype .
kell brook will make the second defence of his title in just over two months . he will take on fellow brit frankie gavin at the o2 arena on may 30 . brook stopped jo jo dan in the fourth round in sheffield last month . anthony joshua , lee selby and kevin mitchell will also be on the card . click here for all the latest boxing news .
hawaii s legislature passes a bill raising the legal age for buying tobacco to 21 . the bill is now before gov . david ige , whose signature would make it law . most states allow tobacco sales to anyone 18 and older .
steve bruce has promised wife janet to go on a diet and lose some weight . hull boss was pictured lapping up the sun with pal alan shearer . bruce was enjoying a short holiday during the international break .
head of libyan army tells cnn libyan authorities have not been consulted . gen . khalifa haftar says libya will look after its interests . solution to migration problem requires lifting of sanctions , general says .
midfielder fires a warning to his detractors that he is now back to his best . iniesta ran from his own half to set up neymar s opener in 2 0 win . world cup winner had recorded zero assists this season prior to tuesday . neymar and andres iniesta star men for barca in 2 0 win over psg .
incredible footage of an apocalyptic sandstorm in belarus has gone viral . it shows a city being plunged into darkness as a storm blocks out the sun . the sandstorm caused electricity cuts and forced 100 , 000 people indoors . it brought with it a cold front and heavy rain that damaged buildings .