( cnn ) -- nine years ago he was an electrician . six months ago , he was worth some a$ 1.18 billion ( $ 1.22 billion ) australia 's mining boom having turned him into the country 's richest person under 40 years old . now , coal baron nathan tinkler , 36 , is facing a mountain of debt . his wealth has plummeted to a$ 400 million , thanks to slowing demand and falling coal prices , while his debts to a variety of creditors mount , reportedly hitting a$ 638 million . on tuesday , his personal holding company was liquidated . tinkler has had the midas touch on his way to the top of the rich list and -- until tuesday -- on the way down , too , staving off the liquidation of several of his companies . he now faces credit debt surrounding his horse racing empire , troubled sports franchises and repossession of his personal jet . while creditors have been circling for months , it was a tuesday decision of the new south wales supreme court to wind up tinkler 's mulsanne resources over an unpaid a$ 28.4 million dollar debt that suggests the former electrician 's luck may have run dry . on wednesday , the federal court place his thoroughbred horse racing and breeding empire , patinack farm administration , into liquidation with a debt of a$ 2 million . patinack farm 's cash flow problems were reported to be so severe , tinkler was trying to stem the bleeding by downsizing operations in victoria and south australia and selling horses at bargain base prices to settle a state debt . he recently settled a a$ 16.6 million dispute with mirvac over a failed land purchase in sydney and a a$ 2 million debt to the publicly listed contractor , sedgman ltd. . tinkler 's woes have impacted the australian sporting world too . his hunter sports group has reportedly fallen behind in meeting player salaries for his two prized clubs -- the a league newcastle jets football team and the newcastle knights league club . but tinkler has come up with enough money to partially pay a significant , unpaid bill for the rent of stadiums used by the teams .